Empty_helmet
Murmillo Helmet
Empty_armband
Red Armband
Armband
Knotted Armband
Long Armband
Feather Armband
Tasseled Armband
Empty_weapon
Crude Gladius
One-handed Sword [Slash]
A standard weapon for the soldiers from the Royal Army. Also commonly carried by civilians.
Gladius
This weapon is an improved version of its military counterpart.
Low Falchion
This sword is exceptional for slashing.
Low Kaskara
Due to its ease in manufacturing, this sword is frequently chosen by adventurers as their first replacement for their training sword.
Cinquedea
Recommended for those who desire a heavier and stronger sword.
Sabre
Primary weapon of the cavalry, optimized for slashing. The guard on the hilt helps protect the user's hand.
Shamshir
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
Scimitar
Its heavy weight is compensated by its very powerful slash.
Kris
Its twisted edge amplifies the damage it inflicts. A sword that is both practical and ornamental.
Snickersnee
Its extremely sharp blade makes it a favorite among even the most experienced swordsmen.
Crude Shamshir
Crude Scimitar
Soldier's Gladius
A basic armament provided to full-time soldiers. Its overall quality is better than those sold in the market.
Mayor's Falchion
Looking at this weapon raises suspicions on its previous owner's past.
Crude Kaskara
Moplah
This sword combines both practicality and aesthetics.
Heavy Gladius
Falchion
Heavy Falchion
Kaskara
Heavy Chinqueda
Heavy Sabre
Heavy Shamshir
Dunkel Sabre
Dunkel Snickersnee
Dunkel Falchion
Dunkel Kaskara
Dunkel Cinquedea
Dunkel Shamshir
Kozuka
No tooltip available
Badelaire
Saif
Colichemarde
Firangi
Thorn Cutter
Demion Sword
Master Sword
Panto Sword
A crude sword used by the Panto. You could craft a better version yourself.
Flonas Sabre
Some say this weapon unleashes the grudge that plants hold against beasts.
Golden Falchion
Possibly due to gold's correlation with fortune, the Golden Falchion bestows its wielder with good luck during battle. Of course, it severely harms its foes.
Steel Falchion
The Steel Falchion is a good choice for those pursuing precision in their swordsmanship.
Silver Falchion
Its light weight and sturdiness allows the swordsman to unleash his full potential during an attack.
Mandrapick
This sword is said to clear its wielder's mind with its Mandragora essence.
Wizard Blade
You should never ridicule a wizard for wielding a sword, especially if that sword is the Wizard Blade.
Cheminis Sword
This sword is made from a recipe developed by an alchemist from the Winterspoon family, who claimed that he could make a better sword than a blacksmith.
Austas
This sword is worthy of its steep price. However, merchants would prefer that you return to buy other weapons than continue using it for a long time.
Miskas Sabre
This weapon will make your swordsmanship swifter.
Imperni Sword
Veterans will often recount the thrill they experienced when advancing from a novice and first holding this sword.
Gritas
A sword used by valiant adventurers. Ironically, it is often found on strong monsters. A person who obtains this sword is unknowingly exacting revenge for its previous owner.
Spatha
An improved version of the Gladius made by extending the blade length.
Aras' Falchion
This weapon gives you the opportunity to experience the capabilities of a Falchion.
Smith Sword
 - 2% chance to inflict an additional 600% damage
This sword occasionally gleams with the craftsmanship of its creator.
Klavis Sword
Despite its quality, it sells relatively well.
Dio Sword
Thresh Sword
Sestas Sword
Dratt Sword
Aston Sword
Devi Sword
Prima Sword
Trinity Sword
If you're unsatisfied with one type of Falchion, this is an alternative. However, you'll have to bear the extra cost for its crafting.
Durandal
Many adventurers name their best sword after this weapon. This was the name of the sword wielded by an ancient warrior chosen by a goddess.
Velniup
People will even go so far as to say that this weapon is overly cruel.
Fortis
While unpopular during the Great Plant Cataclysm, the resurgence of strongly armored monsters is proving its value.
Chapparition Cutter
According to a theory, this sword is also used in conflicts amongst the demons.
Deathweaver Cutter
One becomes the deathbringer by wielding this blade.
Chapparition Sword
This serves as indirect evidence for the disputes between demons.
Bendras Sword
A sword carrying the might of a goddess that has smited many evils in the past.
Illizia
This blade severely threatens both the life of its foe and the owner's finances. Of course, most swordsmen ignore the latter effect.
Scheduled for deletion
Two-handed Sword [Slash]
Dunkel Bastard Sword
Some master craftsman and soldiers call this a 'mixed style two-handed sword.' They say this to justify themselves.
Flamberge
If you're an expert in two-handed weapons, the wave shaped edge can cause massive damage.
Nodachi
A Nodachi with a length 'just right' can amplify its slashing power and dominate the space between the wielder and their foe.
Claymore
Claymores of this kingdom are made with an emphasis in weight and power.
Colossus
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
Caliburn
Frequently carried by high ranking soldiers.
Quaddara
Contrary to its appearance, this sword is double-edged and often used by swordsmen pursuing practicality.
Light Claymore
The structure of this sword allows its user to perform a stabbing attack.
Crude Colossus
Ilwoon
The Great Ruklys carried this sword in his early days.
Practice Bastard Sword
Bastard Sword
Heavy Flamberge
Heavy Nodachi
Heavy Claymore
Dunkel Nodachi
Dunkel Quaddara
Dunkel Flamberge
Dunkel Claymore
Greatsword
Katzbalger
Dress Sword
Zweihander
Executioner's Sword
Lumai Two-handed Sword
Overknife
Potentia
A great alternative for those unsatisfied with a regular Flamberge.
Temsus Flamberge
A sword with great capacity for improvement that compliments the wielder's innate power. Try its potential for yourself.
Didel Colossus
This sword is for those who seek more weight, more power, and more reach in their slashes.
Collecture
Though popular in battles today, this weapon was considered a decorative or collectible item prior to the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Hogma Greatsword
How the Hogmas obtained or crafted this weapon is unimportant. We are more concerned with crafting and using it ourselves.
Cheminis Bastard Sword
In the wake of the Great Plant Cataclysm, the Winterspoon family disclosed the crafting recipe for this weapon to all alchemists.
Primaluce
Swordsmen seeking raw power in a weapon frequently choose this sword as their first magic sword.
Kindzal
Those who like to temper their weapons craft this sword for their own use.
Imperni Two-handed Sword
If you got this sword through the black market, it is clear evidence that you have obtained a certain level of reliability.
Prieblanda
This sword shares the same inventor with the 'Primaluce' sword.
Lapis Katzbalger
The enhancement of Katzbalger has been developed less than 100 years ago. Thus the crafting recipe for this weapon is unrelated to Ruklys.
Smith Two-handed Sword
Since Medzio Diena, fewer people have been concerned about the instability of magic weapons.
Klavis Two-handed Sword
This sword can be a trustworthy extension of both your hands.
Thresh Two-handed Sword
Sestas Two-handed Sword
Dratt Two-handed Sword
Aston Two-handed Sword
Devi Tow-Handed Sword
Prima Two-handed Sword
Flamini
A good sword that has long been regarded as a necessity when facing demons.
Wizard Slayer
Novice Wizards often pay no mind to this particular weapon. However, a seasoned one knows to steer away from its unseen power.
Two-handed Sword [Strike]
Like a flying dagger thrown in the darkest hours of the night, Naktis deals an unforeseen blow to its target.
Luciduce
Although some people dismiss this weapon as a 'tree cutting axe', its actual users will tell you that the Great Plant Cataclysm would have resulted in far worse losses without it.
Hell and Heaven
There's a saying that claims that 'offense is the best defense.' Prove it with this weapon.
Deathweaver Tooth
Chapparition Two-handed Sword
Chapparition Two-handed Sword
Great power can sometimes be found from the intangible. Sometimes the volumeless can overpower the heavy.
Nulis
Lends great power against beings who do not belong to the realms of night and day.
Gravity
Gravity cannot be avoided by anyone or anything. But if one adapts to it, no one can underestimate its power.
Crude Short Rod
Rod [Strike]
A rod that all students of magic will use.
Short Rod
Magicians that graduate from their apprenticeship often switch to this weapon.
Low Long Rod
The decorations found in a mage's equipment are added for function, not only for appearance.
Low Cane Rover
When a rod is painstakingly carved by a famous wizard, it is bound to contain mystical power.
Cane
You can customize this rod further if you can supply the materials.
Crook
Legends say that evil wizards were the first to start using this weapon.
Pewter Rod
It was once a popular weapon among ambitious young wizards.
Owl Rod
The decoration is popular among experienced wizards.
Rune Rod
A magical rune is used to amplify the power of this rod.
Crystal Rod
A precise fitting of the jewel to the shaft is required to craft this rod.
Crude Pewter Rod
Crude Owl Rod
Soldier's Short Rod
This rod was given to magicians who joined the army. Though the procedure has been abolished since the Great Plant Cataclysm, an abundant stock still remains.
Chieftain's Long Rod
The shape of this rod was popular in the past. Although old-fashioned, the rod performs rather decently.
Curde Cane Rover
Battle Rod
Besides the assistance in casting magic, this rod was also designed for physical combat.
Heavy Short Rod
Long Rod
Heavy Long Rod
Cane Rover
Heavy Cane
Heavy Crook
Heavy Pewter Rod
Dunkel Crook
Dunkel Crystal Rod
Dunkel Long Rod
Dunkel Cane Rover
Dunkel Cane
Dunkel Pewter Rod
Snake Rod
Alter Rod
Nald Rod
Elder Rod
Meteor Rod
Ring Rod
Servant Rod
Panto Rod
Wizards have been discovering new facts from monsters emerging from the Great Plant Cataclysm and applying them to varying situations.
Ice Rod
Rumor says that every time the crafting recipe for this rod is sold, part of the money goes to the Cryomancer Master.
Fire Rod
Only the Pyromancer Master knows the method of infusing the power of the Goddess Gabija into these rods.
Vasia Rod
Although priests frown upon the manipulation of spirits during its manufacturing, wizards ignore this objection.
Magic Rod
A simple rod for enhancing magic, easily craftable by beginner mages.
Grynas Rod
The increase in demons after the Great Plant Cataclysm increased the price of this already-expensive rod.
Cheminis Rod
Despite the similarity in the name with another weapon, this weapon has no direct relation to the Winterspoon family.
Arch Rod
A weapon that fills the role of a stepping stone to advanced wizardry for aspiring wizards. Once the wizard achieves his objective for higher learning, this weapon is replaced by another.
Imperni Rod
It is popular among wizards who like to stand out.
Aras' Long Rod
It is often given as a small gift amongst wizards thanks to its affordable price.
Smith Rod
This equipment is certainly odd, regardless of who uses it.
Klavis Rod
You may be the first wizard in history to ever use this weapon.
Dio Rod
Thresh Rod
Sestas Rod
Dratt Rod
Aston Rod
Devi Rod
Prima Rod
Temere
This rod's nickname is 'The Staff of Patience.' Legends say that Agailla Flurry, the greatest wizard in history, devised this rod to train her apprentices.
Ignition
Though the Pyromancer Master has been researching a way to mitigate the unstable drawbacks of this staff, there have been no development so far.
Secretum
A weapon made for and only for wizards. Thus, wizards usually ignore the flaws of this staff.
Deathweaver Rod
A rod containing the power of the Deathweaver.
Chapparition Rod
Zaima
Rumors say that the high price of this rod's recipe is due to the Cryomancer Master's insistence.
Epos
A rod that was crafted long time ago using the best available magic knowledge at the time. As a result it is impossible to add to the rod, even with the current advancements in magic.
Twinkle Rod
A twinkling star is always visible.
Empty_weapon_THBow
Crude Light Bow
Bow [Pierce]
A simple weapon that can even be crafted at home.
Light Bow
A bow widely crafted and used by people across the kingdom and its territories.
Low Short Bow
It's a bow for beginners, though some proficient archers prefer to keep using it.
Low Long Bow
A small distance can sometimes be the deciding factor between life and death. This bow is a good choice if you want a longer reach.
Composite Bow
A bow with improved flexibility through the application of various materials.
Self Bow
It symbolizes the stalwart resolve of an unyielding archer.
Rokas Bow
It is presumably named after the place where its inventor came from.
Gorithos
A bow preferred by the Cavalry.
Gulail
The first ever recorded case of applying magic in the bowcrafting process. Since then it has found its own market.
Kaman
A bow modified for more power by archers confident in their arm strength.
Crude Rokas Bow
Crude Gorithos
Soldier's Light Bow
This bow has been crafted to meet the minimum requirements of the army.
Mayor's Short Bow
It shows signs of the effort put into unstringing and restringing the bow every day. Despite its age, the bow is in good condition.
Crude Long Bow
Gendawa
This bow is the best among those crafted without using magic in the process.
Heavy Light Bow
Short Bow
Heavy Short Bow
Long Bow
Heavy Composite Bow
Heavy Self Bow
Heavy Rokas Bow
Dunkel Self Bow
Dunkel Kaman
Dunkel Short Bow
Dunkel Long Bow
Dunkel Composite Bow
Dunkel Rokas Bow
Recurve Bow
Siege Bow
Sniper Bow
Skull Bow
Wooden Compound Bow
Tag Bow
Rogue Bow
Seeker
This bow, popular among hunters, became even more widespread after the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Iron Bow
This bow has great precision and can frequently cause unexpected damage to the foe.
Hawk Bow
A Self Bow made with random bones will sometimes not have synergy with gold.
Cheminis Bow
It was named for its effect of increasing the agility of the user.
Hunting Bow
The application of Alchemy in bowcrafting remained theoretical until circumstances made it a trend in recent production.
Maker Bow
In the past, only wealthy hunters bought this bow. With the dire events in recent history, however, anyone who can afford to is purchasing or crafting it.
Savage Bow
Due to increases in demand for high quality bows since the Great Plant Cataclysm, this bow is being crafted quite frequently.
Snake Bow
This bow is a good choice regardless of one's muscle strength. This is because if the user has strong arms, he can shoot with more power and if he doesn't, the bow compensates for it.
Imperni Bow
Like the name suggests, this bow strikes with poisonous attacks.
Lethena Bow
One can feel the sensation of hunting a large monster with this bow thanks to its solid weight.
Strong Bow
Tricky to manufacture, but worth the trouble.
Aras' Short Bow
Usually purchased by new users of magic bows.
Pulley Bow
Smith Bow
If there are no other bows left available for purchase, buy this and hope for the best.
Klavis Bow
Apart from being a magical bow, it is generally considered to be mediocre, but the user might make exceptional use of it.
Dio Bow
Thresh Bow
Sestas Bow
Dratt Bow
Aston Bow
Devi Bow
Prima Bow
Wildling Bane
Prior to the Great Plant Cataclysm, hunters rarely used this bow. It might soud strange, but the bow would cause excessive damage to the prey.
Equalizer
There are proud archers who don't want any variables affecting their archery skill outside of their own abilities. This bow is a perfect match for them.
Heart Seeker
For an unknown reason the spell bound to this bow has become a curse to both the foe and the user. Regardless, the bow is still used by archers for its merits.
Viper
This poison-imbued bow is so toxic that it afflicts its user as well.
Deathweaver Bow
This bow will send your enemies to their deaths.
Chapparition Bow
The engravings say: "Straighten your back and broaden your shoulders; pull the bowstring and push the bow as you shoot."
Blood Gain
This bow was created by Lydia Schaffen. She frequently used this bow throughout her life, but intentionally withheld the crafting method from the Astral Tower and the Schaffenstar, two entities founded by Lydia herself.
Tempest Shooter
A new bow designed and developed through a joint effort of master bowcrafters. It was conceived with the hope of overcoming the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Empty_weapon_Bow
Row Light Crossbow
Crossbow [Pierce]
Useful when having a free hand is more important than having more attack power.
Row Crossbow
Modern crossbows use many different materials, mostly monster parts.
Dokyu
A weapon that is easy to reload.
Quarrel Bow
The Quarrel Shooter Master uses this to teach beginners.
Oak Crossbow
Although craftable wood is hard to find due to the Great Plant Cataclysm, this weapon is not hard to make.
Seal Crossbow
Because monster bones are sometimes cursed, a seal is attached to this weapon.
Catapult
There is a long history of research on adapting siege weaponry for single-person use. This weapon is the culmination of that research.
Cranequin
The mechanism assists beginners in using it, but experienced users will benefit from the extra power.
Crude Oak Crossbow
Crude Seal Crossbow
Sniper Crossbow
A powerful crossbow, infamous for being used by the assassin Ebonypawn.
Light Crossbow
Heavy Light Crossbow
Crossbow
Heavy Dokyu
Heavy Quarrel Bow
Heavy Oak Crossbow
Dunkel Quarrel Bow
Dunkel Cranequin
Dunkel Crossbow
Dunkel Dokyu
Dunkel Oak Crossbow
Arbalest
Fedimian Turret
Bullet Shooter
Black Tip Bow
Spiked Crossbow
Windlass
Heavy Crossbow
Though slightly heavy, the magics infused into the bow itself offset this downside.
Wide Crossbow
For those with good aim, this is a good crossbow to deal fatal blows to targets.
Grand Cross
A very popular crossbow among archers because of its high quality and lack of drawbacks.
Cheminis Crossbow
Weapons based on alchemy are in great demand since the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Medina Crossbow
This weapon is specialized in taking down well-equipped enemies.
Regina Crossbow
Not good enough to be considered the "Lord of Crossbows," but the title of "Queen" seems fair.
Chaser
Frequently used by archers operating in areas with poor visibility or strong winds.
Imperni Crossbow
Rumors say that black market weapons are intentionally made to be expensive to maintain.
Grave Crossbow
This weapon is recommended if you intend to permanently put the target to sleep.
Smith Crossbow
This weapon will only deal as much damage as you expect it to every time you pull the trigger.
Klavis Crossbow
You could be the very first person to draw out the true potential of this weapon.
Thresh Crossbow
Sestas Crossbow
Dratt Crossbow
Aston Crossbow
Devi Crossbow
Prima Crossbow
Shooting Star
In the past, only archers who completed the training in the Astral Tower could use this weapon.
Kateen Blaster
The Ranger Master developed this weapon based on research data on the monsters in the Kateen Forest after the Great Plant Cataclysm. However, she recommends that no one uses it.
Grajus
Can large monsters be hunted using only a one-handed crossbow? This is the answer.
Deathweaver Crossbow
This is not a Deathweaver's weapon. The original owner was probably a pitiful victim.
Chapparition Shooter
This weapon is preparation enough to give wild beasts a taste of pain.
Isbality
The greatest archer in history, Lydia Schaffen, did not hesitate in hunting down demons. It's difficult to obtain this weapon because the Schaffenstar did not release the recipe to the public.
Morto
This recipe was disclosed to the public after Ebonypawn threw away his weapon while being chased by Fiona Ieva. However, many fell foolishly challenging monsters while only relying on this weapon.
Empty_weapon_Mace
Crude Wooden Club
One-handed Blunt Weapon [Strike]
A very simple weapon for anyone to use without difficulty.
Wooden Club
Even an ordinary wooden stick can become a holy item if wielded by a cleric.
Dunkel Iron Club
A weapon at least of this caliber is necessary to carry out the goddess' punishment.
Low Mace
This is the minimum requirement to prove that one is no longer an apprentice cleric.
Morning Star
It is also known as 'the mace of repentance' among clerics.
Mallet
Seasoned clerics attack the enemy in a multitude of ways using the ornament at the head of this mallet.
Goedendag
If you come across a cleric who handles this weapon well, you will never say that they are inexperienced in battle again.
Warpick
Did you say blunt weapons can't pierce through armor? There are always exceptions.
Maul
Only those who has ceaselessly trained their body can wield the weight of this weapon.
Battle Hammer
Since the emergence of monsters, many maces underwent exterior changes.
Crude Goedendag
Crude Warpick
Soldier's Club
Despite being a Chaplain's official weapon, expedition priests rarely use them.
Mayor's Iron Club
There is evidence that it has been used as a tool rather than as a weapon.
Crude Mace
Chekan
The original intention was to craft a single, heavy weapon by combining several blunt weapons.
Heavy Wooden Club
Iron Club
Heavy Iron Club
Mace
Heavy Morning Star
Heavy Maul
Heavy Goedendag
Dunkel Maul
Dunkel Battle Hammer
Dunkel Mace
Dunkel Morning Star
Dunkel Goedendag
Battle Maul
Fedimian Club
Rune Mace
Spiked Club
Stirus Hammer
War Hammer
Slag Hammer
Five Hammer
If you feel like you've heard of this name somewhere else before, it's likely just your imagination. This hammer was crafted strictly based on mathematical engineering.
Spiked Mace
One-handed Mace [Pierce]
Blunt instruments usually cause Strike-type damage, but there are always exceptions to everything.
Shield Breaker
The ultimate pupose of impact damage is to shatter a foe's armor and shield. Test it out yourself.
Skull Crusher
Although rare, a cleric can make an exception in their vow to protect life. You should be particularly humble when facing a cleric holding this weapon.
Cheminis Maul
It is considered to be the weakest among alchemically crafted weapons. A frail hammer, of all things...
Mauros Club
An old club designed when the kingdom was founded. It's rather hard to obtain this right now.
Valtas Morning Star
A basic armament for clerics facing demons.
Imperni Mace
In the old days it was readily available to Pardoners at an affordable price, but since the Great Plant Cataclysm those days are long gone.
Suncus Maul
The initial concept of this weapon was conceived by Monks. Presently, it is widely used by all of the clergy.
Miner Hammer
When properly refined, work tools can become weapons. There is no need to carry both a weapon and a tool into the depths of a mine.
Aras' Iron Club
Craftable by clerics, mages, alchemists, and even blacksmiths. This club can easily be enchanted with magic.
Smith Mace
The power of this weapon is completely independent of its user's ability or faith.
Klavis Mace
Don't be disappointed that there were no iconic figures in history who used this weapon. You might become the first.
Dio Mace
Thresh Mace
Sestas Mace
Dratt Mace
Aston Mace
Devi Mace
Prima Mace
Holy Smasher
Because clerics are confident in their own faith, the recipe for this weapon is often found, ironically, at unexpected locations.
Kaloo Hammer
New possibilities have been discovered for weaponcrafting thanks to the emergence of new monsters since the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Drake Tail
It is said that the inventor of this weapon lived long before the founding period of the kingdom. It is incredible that its recipe has survived to this date.
Royal Mace
This weapon used to be only obtainable by clerics with permission from the royal household. Such restrictions have become meaningless since the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Vubbe Morning Star
 - 3% chance to inflict [Stun] on an enemy for 3 seconds
Some Vubbes do carry useful weapons.
Deathweaver Club
A moment of silence for the previous owner who became the sacrifice required to make this.
Chapparition Mace
No matter what monster you face, this weapon will leave a dent.
Stunner
Some clerics prefer to disorient their target through means other than preaching.
Valia
It is consecrated with the power of the goddess during the crafting process. Elder demons can't stand the sight of this weapon.
Spearfish Rod
May it produce barbed dicipline.
Wooden Shield
Though made of wood, it has been crafted to meet the minimum requirements of a shield.
Wooden Buckler
Surprisingly, reinforcing bucklers with a metal rim is a fairly recent development. Historians presume this trend first started around the founding period of the kingdom.
Wooden Kite Shield
After examining a shield he improvised during an emergency, the Peltasta Master refined it into a new, multipurpose shield.
Kite Shield
The metal kite shield used by the cavalry has been further improved and enhanced by warriors who preferred sturdiness over solid weight.
Round Shield
With advancements in battle techniques, the weight of a shield has become a secondary consideration. This shield design is heavily influenced by this trend.
Steel Kite Shield
The sightings of monsters with unprecedented strength created a need for a kite shield made of stronger materials.
Steel Buckler
The light weight, versatility and sturdiness of this shield makes it a popular choice among many people.
Machinery Shield
Many nobles and Cavalry members often carry this shield for its resiliency against powerful blows.
Crude Wooden Buckler
Made to gauge the effectiveness of a compact shield that required less materials. It's better than nothing.
Crude Wooden Kite Shield
Legends say that the first person to invent this type of shield was the Peltasta Master.
Dunkel Wooden Shield
Dunkel Wooden Buckler
Scallop Shield
Pelta Shield
Fedimian Shield
Kalkan
Cavalry Shield
Knight Shield
Tower Shield
Black Wooden Shield
This shield is famous for being the first to succeed in increasing one's resistance. It was infused with magic during its creation.
Oak Shield
This shield is crafted by making use of the wood's magical properties.
Savage Shield
Magic is infused into this shield through an alchemical process rather than through blessings from Goddess Gabija.
Zalia Kite Shield
In the past, vast amounts of resources were required to craft this shield. Lately, it can be crafted fairly easily.
Heavy Kite Shield
The sturdy protective effect of this shield protects the user against unexpected dangers.
Bead Shield
This shield provides excellent defense against Lightning property attacks.
Circle Guard
According to its users, this shield begins to heat up if equipped for too long.
Ludas Shield
This shield is known to have magical properties that increases the bearer's vitality.
Minotaur Shield
It is still unknown how monsters obtained this shield.
Dio Shield
Thresh Shield
Sestas Shield
Dratt Shield
Aston Shield
Devi Shield
Prima Shield
Wall Guard
Its weight limits the wearer's actions, but this is more than compensated by its efficacy and defensive capabilities.
Fortress
Though its quality is also great, it is a favorite among those looking for a distinctive look or decorative appeal.
Beetleback
The recipe for this shield has only been discovered recently. It may not be possible to craft it after the Great Plant Cataclysm ends.
Meteor
 - 1% chance to regenerate 200 HP every second for 5 seconds when taking damage
Sage Wall
There are records of Maven using this kind of shield when he used to adventure around the world prior to his dwelling in the Great Cathedral.
Aias
According to a legend, Ruklys crafted this shield from a recipe he seized from the Demon King, and used the shield himself.
Royal Shield
Useful equipment that will aid you in combat. {nl}Right-click to equip.
Emperor Shield
Test Shield
Jigglebone Mercenary Shield
Jigglebone Sippar
Jigglebone Sippar 2
Short Spear
One-handed Spear [Pierce]
A standard, military-issue weapon for common soldiers.
Espontoon
A spear given to senior soldiers or commanders.
Winged Espontoon
Initially developed for the cavalry, it has been widely adopted by many branches of the army.
Spontoon
An improvement of the Espontoon.
Hasta
Recently, the number of people who dislike the shape of this spear has been increasing.
Long Hasta
A Hasta improved with a longer spear haft.
Heavy Short Spear
Heavy Espontoon
Dunkel Short Spear
Dunkel Espontoon
Dunkel Hasta
Long Spoonton
Alchupiz
Gelti Alchupiz
Winged Spear
Breach Pike
Langdebeve
Chauve-souris
Sauroter
A spear that is good with a shield and also proficient in both ranged attacks and melee strikes.
Dory
A prototype model of the Sauroter. If necessary, this spear can be used in reverse.
Assegai
Though heavier than some other spears, the spell bound to this weapon offsets its weight to a certain extent.
Cheminis Spear
There are no weapons that cannot be crafted with alchemy, but this doesn't necessarily mean they will be better than those from a blacksmith.
Grand Spontoon
Recommended when you want more offensive power than what your spear skills can produce.
Zega Spear
Since the Great Plant Cataclysm, many recipes were found through the use of alternative ingredients from monsters.
Harl Spear
This spear is bound with a spell that boosts the user's agility.
This magic spear will help the user hit their target.
Imperni Spear
A great choice if you want a customized spear, though the price reflects the quality of the weapon.
Fedimian Spear
An imperial order issued long ago prohibits trade of this spear outside of the Fedimian territory.
Dratt Spear
Aston Spear
Devi Spear
Prima spear
Silver Spear
It displays great power against demons, but this is mostly because of its alchemical and magical properties rather than its divine attributes.
Geras Spear
It is speculated that the power in this magic spear belongs to a spirit.
Doom Spear
A powerful spear devised to pierce through the target's armor.
Firnas
The origin of its recipe is a matter of no importance. Its effectiveness against the most rampant of monsters is what matters.
Adatag
At first glance it may seem like a dangerous weapon to wield, but once you try it for yourself, you'll find that it is quite safe.
Stinger
There are many ways to fight in a battle using a spear, such as: cutting, throwing, and smashing. What really sets this spear apart from a regular pole, however, is its piercing capabilities.
Brandish
Users who like to use this spear frequently say the following:
This is a one-handed spear like no other.
Pike
Two-handed Spear [Pierce]
As the cavalry faded from the kingdom's history, this pike became shorter and more accessible.
Partisan
Originally popular in the remote territories of the kingdom, the spear has become widely produced after the Civil War.
Trident
 - Deals 3 successive hits on Large-type targets
If you're able to master maneuvering the three blades, you can perform a series of flashy, continuous attacks.
Royal Partisan
When the design of the Partisan gained popularity among the nobles, they began making different variations of it.
Cone Pike
Although the Cavalry has faded from the modern army, their weapons are still being actively utilized.
Fedimian Pike
The municipal authority of Fedimian holds the rights to craft this weapon as per a decree handed down long ago.
Dunkel Pike
Royal Trident
Battle Fork
Royal Battle Fork
Medina Pike
Sometimes combining different fields leads to good results. The expertise of the Fletcher Master has helped create a good spear.
Free Partisan
Recommended for spear users who like to evade enemies and hit them with swift, agile attacks.
Cheminis Pike
Alchemically crafted weapons are being re-evaluated and are trending with the resurgence of the monsters.
Entra Partisan
The insecticidal effect of this weapon is excellent.
Galin Trident
Every attack with this weapon feels like three strikes. There is no need to describe it further.
Imperni Pike
Pursuing your own individuality and fashion will always entail a hefty cost.
Pine Cone Pike
Recommended if you're fighting large enemies.
Great Pike
Despite its age, it performs admirably. Though it's uncertain whether or not it can withstand another strengthening.
Devi Pike
Prima Pike
Traxia
This weapon works well against monsters who were not originally enemies of mankind.
Biteregina Thorns
Queen-like dignity, agility, and a courageous attitude toward strong opponents,' are the praises this weapon garners from its users.
Lydeka
Though his reputation is questionable, no one denies the fact that Ruklys was a great warrior. This spear created by him during the Civil War is a great weapon that permits diverse customization.
Flame Pike
Although it's unfortunate that the inventor never thought of infusing the blessings of the Goddess Gabija, the user should be able to withstand a bit of heat to give their enemies a taste of this spear's fiery flames.
Triton
Weapons crafted by alchemy are bound to be flawed somewhere, but this weapon is different. When fighting large monsters, this spear hits three times as hard.
Wooden Wand
Wand [Strike]
The essence of wandcrafting is discovering the magical properties hidden away in ordinary objects.
Oak Wand
Crafters say that it has become easier to empower a wooden wand's attributes since the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Rokas Wand
This wand was named after its place of origin, the King's Plateau.
Bone Wand
It is crafted from a bone, but is unrelated to the essence of that bone.
Shaman Wand
Though often misunderstood and feared, the period of time known as 'night' is simply one of nature's basic cycles. This wand is the same.
Altaria Wand
This wand is the creation of an unnamed Bokor Master who lived during the same period as Agailla Flurry.
Antique wand
The history of the wand long precedes that of swords. Since those ancient times, the power contained in wands have been steadily increasing.
Zouo Wand
There are disputes on whether this wand was or was not originally crafted in the demon realm.
Dark Wand
Being able to use this wand means that the user either underwent powerful psychic training or is innately strong.
Cheminis Wand
Most equipment crafted with Alchemy suffer from low durability, but in the case of this weapon it doesn't matter.
Grim Wand
Necromancers were the first to devise this wand, but it is now used by many different professions.
Skull Wand
A theory suggests there's more power that can be drawn from this wand depending on the abilities of the dead used to craft it.
Didel Shaman Wand
The effects may all seem the same, but the usage of the wand differs between jobs depending on the strength of their soul.
Imperni Wand
The orders issued by previous Masters for the search and arrest of the culprit who leaked this recipe to merchants have been essentially voided in recent times.
Fatiman Wand
Be careful not to be mesmerized by ghosts when you gather materials for this wand.
Lampa Wand
Some people call this the 'Guano Wand.' It's pretty difficult to argue against that title.
Vestia Wand
Equipment that used to be issued only to Bokors or Necromancers that joined the army. It is now also being used by people unrelated to the army.
Serpens
Users of this wand must be able to control their own darkness within.
Levereuse
People with strong mind and self-realization can utilize Levereuse to its full potential during battle.
Kyrnus
Prior to the Great Plant Cataclym, there was nobody who would use this weapon because it used demonic powers. However, with the vanishing of the goddesses, desperate people have begun using it.
Knife
Sub-weapon
A small knife used for various purposes such as battle, cooking, or camping.
Dirk Dagger
Stronger than normal knives. Some use it for throwing.
Main Gauche
Used as a support weapon but very capable of defending or deflecting enemy attacks.
A short dagger with double edge. It's an evolved form of the tool knife used by the Highlanders with an elongated blade.
A dagger made to be easily used left-handed. Designed with the purpose of blocking an opponent's sword by using the Guard skill. The grip is mirrored so that it fits well to your left hand.
Chura
Single-edged, sharply pointed dagger. A specialized design for stabbing.
Pescas
Single-edge dagger with extremely sharp, long thin tip. It has an 'S' shape body with a heavy, delicately decorated hilt.
Low Wooden Staff
Staff [Strike]
It's considered more of a temporary travel aid than a weapon.
Low Oak Staff
Alternative to the wooden staff when a wizard is preparing to go on a journey.
Staff
Veteran wizards can fend off weak foes using this staff, without the use of magic.
Ju Staff
A staff widely enjoyed by wizards of the past, but for no particular reason.
Ubuko Staff
This staff displays the diversity of preference amongst wizards.
Stag Staff
The decorations on this staff are magically crafted.
Geometry Staff
This staff was made by translating magical concepts into mathematical ones.
Demon Staff
A group of wizards believed they could bend the power of demons to their will and found some success, as seen with this staff.
Storm Staff
Crafted based on an ancient recipe handed down through generations. Some magicians still believe there are undiscovered powers in this staff.
Wooden Staff
Heavy Wooden Staff
Oak Staff
Heavy Staff
Heavy Ju Staff
Heavy Uboko Staff
Dunkel Ju Staff
Dunkel Demon Staff
Dunkel Wooden Staff
Dunkel Oak Staff
Dunkel Staff
Dunkel Uboko Staff
Steel Staff
Heavy Steel STaff
Square Staff
Heavy Square Staff
Mage Staff
Archmage Staff
Arch Demon Staff
Melinas Staff
A result of rudimentary research attempting to increase the quality of staves by combining several items.
Magi Staff
Magic enshrouds this staff with freezing cold aura.
Ludas Staff
Made through a balanced crafting method so that it performs consistently, using any kind of magic.
Saltas Staff
The Pyromancer Master from a previous generation researched a way to enhance the elemental traits of weapons via alchemy. Whether or not his research helped in reducing the load on Goddess Gabija, as he initially wanted, is unclear.
Cheminis Staff
The Cryomancer Master said he created this recipe based on ancient knowledge he discovered at a secret location in the Plateau.
Karsto Staff
According to a rumor, the Chronomancer Master was disappointed after examining the recipe of this weapon once it became publicly available.
Expecta Staff
Despite all attempts by the purchaser or the crafter to hide its production, the Pyromancer Master can sense when this staff was crafted.
Imperni Staff
This is a proof that even ordinary ingredients can result in good equipment, if used appropriately.
Welsh Staff
Although Black Market members are proficient weapon crafters, this staff is a fairly recent success in crafting a new weapon since the Imperni staff.
Magic Wooden Staff
There are wizards who prefer vast magical stamina rather than magical power.
Smith Staff
This weapon shows that there are many ways to imbue magic into a weapon.
Klavis Staff
No one has become famous yet using this weapon. Hopefully you will be the first one.
Dio Staff
Thresh Staff
Sestas Staff
Dratt Staff
Aston Staff
Devi Staff
Prima Staff
Candle Staff
The fire at the tip may go out, but it won't be due to it running out of fuel.
Audra
Some say that the Cryomancer Master jokingly challenged the Pyromancer Master to fight him with this staff using ice magic while he was barehanded.
Sunflower
In the recipe for this weapon, instructions are written on how to obtain help from the Goddesses Saule and Gabija during the crafting process.
Maledic
Legends say that the original Maledic is still in the demonic dimension, and that the imitations seen in this world are only projected illusions.
Maledoom
A group of wizards succeeded in crafting the powerful Maledoom while they were developing a crafting process for Maledic.
Chapparition Staff
Arca Staff
According to one tale, Agailla Flurry used to carry this kind of staff when she was constructing the Mage Tower.
Raganos Horn
Hauberk, a Demon Lord sealed ages ago, revealed the secrets of the demon realm. Agailla Flurry created this recipe using this revealed information.
Light Gloves
Gloves
This item may save your life.
Light Boots
Shoes
A pair of shoes that can be worn in a variety of areas and terrain throughout the kingdom. Not wearing shoes is quite dangerous.
Light Pants
Bottom
There are no adventurers who journey out without these.
Light Armor
Top [Leather]
It doesn't matter what kind of leather it is made of as long as it protects the wearer.
Quilted Gloves
Though it is made of lighter material, it offers similar defenses to leather products at a low price. It also has the added benefit of being lighter.
Quilted Boots
Wearing this makes your feet feel lighter.
Quilted Pants
Find something else to wear in the highlands. It's cold.
Quilted Armor
It's sturdier than it looks.
Leather Gloves
Rumor says leather supplies have increased since the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Leather Boots
Make sure you get a pair of these if you plan to tread into Thorn Forest.
Leather Pants
Although heavy, these provide stability to your lower body.
Leather Armor
Easy to decorate or imbue with elemental magics.
Hard Leather Gloves
You will need ingredients from monsters if you want to make a harder leather for your equipment.
Hard Leather Boots
The stiffness of these boots can harm the wearer's feet.
Hard Leather Pants
These give firm support to your body.
Hard Leather Armor
Never loses its toughness thanks to the ingredients used in this armor.
Chain Gloves
The good thing about a stronger base material is that it offers a lot of  room for improvement.
Chain Boots
It has poor ventilation despite how it looks.
Chain Pants
There's no need to take the whole thing apart just because one of the middle rings are missing.
Chainmail
Top [Plate]
Believe it or not, the crafter claims this equipment offers protection on par with plate armor.
Mark Gloves
It has even more overhead for improvement than Chain Gloves due to its better materials.
Mark Boots
People say it's fairly comfortable because of the way the rings are structured.
Mark Pants
If you want to minimize injuries during battle, you must be able to carry at least this much weight in armor.
Mark Tunic
Offers the protection and durability of plate armor.
Forest Leather Gloves
Since the Great Plant Cataclysm, many ingredients from monsters were used to craft armor; this is one of them.
Forest Leather Boots
There has been some success in extracting the magic properties from plant monsters and applying it to armor.
Forest Leather Pants
Plant monsters offer as much leather-like materials as animal monsters do - this is an example of its practical application.
Forest Leather Armor
It is lighter than other boots with similar defensive capabilities.
Grima Pants
It doesn't feel bad for a pair of pants made from wooden, non-fibrous materials.
Grima Robe
Top [Cloth]
If you expected defense similar to a cloth shirt from this, you would be surprised at its leather-like defense.
Veris Gloves
If you don't have an aversion to insects, this is a good piece of armor to not only protect yourself, but also to hold a weapon.
Veris Boots
A swordsman's boots must be at least as sturdy as this one. This is not only to protect him from his enemies, but also to guard against him dropping his own weapon on his feet.
Veris Pants
Some warriors believe that the materials used for this item will attract its vengeful kin.
Veris Tunic
This equipment offers superior protection to plate armor by strengthening it with the shells of an insectoid monster.
Scale Gloves
It is believed to provide great camouflage and have agile, evasive properties.
Scale Boots
Many choose these boots for its magic evasion rather than its defense.
Scale Leggings
One of the benefits of the Great Plant Cataclysm is that crafters have found a way to reuse monsters' remains for stronger armor.
Scale Mail
Some monster ingredients can be turned into different materials by being heat treated. The comfortable Veris Boots use such methods.
Forest Pants
Please examine these for thorns prior to wearing them for the first time.
Forest Robe
Surprisingly, this light robe is harder than any other unprocessed animal leather.
Klaida Gauntlets
Swordsmen like to wear this into real battles.
Klaida Greaves
Traditional Scale Boots enhanced by adding stones while crafting.
Klaida Skirt
Previously this name was given for its final shape, not its materials. This changed recently, like it did for Scale Leggings.
Klaida Mail
Due to its merits in its appearance and the materials used to make it, most swordsmen will likely wear this armor at least once in their time.
Hard Veris Gloves
Equipment made from monster ingredients are said to be tougher, though there is no evidence that supports this claim.
Hard Veris Boots
Some Gribas can sense the scent of their kind from these boots.
Hard Veris Pants
Since the Great Plant Cataclysm, many equipment crafted from new material, like these pants, are replacing traditional ones.
Hard Veris Tunic
One theory suggests that the Vubbes found this recipe before humans did. Very light, but also very hard.
Heavy Scale Gloves
A favorite of swordsmen thanks to its great defense.
Heavy Scale Boots
Although it may entangle your feet at times, the defense it provides is worth the trouble.
Heavy Scale Leggings
Until a few years ago, only the wealthy swordsmen could wear this prestigious armor.
Heavy Scale Mail
Good armor that offers solid defense and occasionally deflects enemy attacks.
Regal Pants
Though it rarely happens, these pants can petrify the wearer.
Regal Robe
It has a below average defense, but many wear it for the magic evasion.
Rag Pants
The increased vitality given by these pants feels imaginary, but is in fact totally real.
Rag Armor
Do not take this off during the battle. Your life is not only in your body.
Miner's Gloves
Miner's Boots
Miner's Pants
Miner's Armor
Crude Hard Leather Gloves
Crude Hard Leather Boots
Crude Hard Leather Pants
Crude Hard Leather Armor
Crude Chain Gloves
Crude Chain Boots
Crude Chain Pants
Crude Chain Mail
Crude Steel Gloves
Crude Steel Boots
Crude Steel Pants
Crude Steel Mail
Brigandine Gloves
Frequently used by those who want agile and precise maneuverability.
Brigandine Boots
Once you put these on, you can tell that they're a lot quieter than they look.
Brigandine Pants
Easy to enhance and, if you know how to, can be utilized in many ways.
Brigandine Armor
Minivern's high defense becomes a great gift for crafters after it dies, like in this armor.
Plate Gauntlets
It is the best equipment from those made with traditional crafting methods.
Plate Greaves
With the recent discovery of a method to fuse bone and metal together, the quality of ordinary Plate Greaves have improved.
Plate Leggings
The crafting method for this equipment is not novel. The gathering of the materials for it, however, is very difficult.
Plate Armor
Standard armor given to the Royal Guard prior to the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Heavy Quilted Pants
Heavy Quilted Armor
Vubbe Pants
Vubbe Armor
Panto Pants
Panto Armor
Acolyte Gloves
Although not as sturdy as armor, they are light and comfortable.
Acolyte Boots
Acolyte Pants
Acolyte Robe
Steel Chain Gloves
Steel Chain Boots
Steel Chain Pants
Steel Chainmail
Enhanced Leather Armor
Dunkel Quilted Gloves
Dunkel Quilted Boots
Dunkel Quilted Pants
Dunkel Quilted Armor
Dunkel Cotton Gloves
Worn and enjoyed by spell casters.
Dunkel Cotton Boots
Dunkel Cotton Pants
They are believed to provide exceptional magic defense.
Dunkel Cotton Robe
People still choose this robe for its magic defense.
Dunkel Hard Leather Gloves
Dunkel Hard Leather Boots
Dunkel Hard Leather Pants
Dunkel Hard Leather Armor
Dunkel Ring Gloves
Dunkel Ring Boots
Dunkel Ring Pants
Dunkel Ring Mail
Ring Gloves
Ring Boots
Ring Pants
Ring Mail
Finger
Kabra Boots
Crimson Leather Armor
Pokubu Armor
Carpenter Gloves
Tenet Chain Pants
Tenet Chainmail
Zalia Leather Gloves
Zalia Leather Boots
Zalia Leather Pants
Zalia Leather Armor
Prova Gloves
Prova Robe
Studded Gloves
Studded Boots
Studded Pants
Studded Armor
Insect Gauntlets
Insect Greaves
Insect Skirt
Insect Mail
Protas Boots
Protas Trousers
Red Veris Gloves
Red Veris Tunic
Light Plate Leggings
Light Plate Armor
Heavy Glimmer Gloves
Heavy Glimmer Boots
Heavy Glimmer Robe
Pokubon Leather Pants
Pokubon Leather Armor
Drake Leather Gloves
Drake Leather Boots
Drake Leather Leggings
Drake Leather Tunic
Silver Plate Gauntlets
Silver Plate Greaves
Silver Plate Leggings
Silver Plate Armor
Wild Leather Gloves
Heavy Boots
Capria Gloves
Follower Leather Armor
Mummyghast Mail
Vejo Boots
Mien Boots
Archon Hands
These gloves are used by Archon.
Ravinepede Boots
Boots coated with Ravinepede poison. Provides resistance against poison.
Nepenthes Gloves
Gloves made from Nepenthes fibers.
Shnayim Greaves
Shnayim fragments are used to craft these shoes.
Cafrisun Gloves
Unprecedented magical equipment like these gloves are raising suspicions that this tribe is being sponsored by a powerful entity.
Cafrisun Boots
You feel lighter when you wear these shoes.
Cafrisun Pants
Please do not intentionally take hits to test the magic defense of these pants.
Cafrisun Armor
Though the ingredients are unknown, this armor is quite useful.
Dio Gloves
Dio Sandals
Dio Pants
Dio Robe
Dio Leather Gloves
Dio Leather Boots
Dio Leather Pants
Dio Leather Armor
Dio Chain Gauntlets
Dio Chain Boots
Dio Chain Pants
Dio Chainmail
Thresh Gloves
Thresh Sandals
Thresh Pants
Thresh Robe
Thresh Leather Gloves
Thresh Leather Boots
Thresh Leather Pants
Thresh Leather Armor
Thresh Chain Gloves
Thresh Chain Boots
Thresh Chain Pants
Thresh Chainmail
Sestas Gloves
Sestas Sandals
Sestas Pants
Sestas Greaves
Sestas Leather Gloves
Sestas Leather Boots
Sestas Leather Pants
Sestas Leather Armor
Sestas Chain Gloves
Sestas Chain Boots
Sestas Chain Pants
Sestas Chainmail
Dratt Gloves
Dratt Sandals
Dratt Pants
Dratt Robe
Dratt Leather Gloves
Dratt Leather Boots
Dratt Leather Pants
Dratt Leather Armor
Dratt Gauntlets
Dratt Greaves
Dratt Plate Leggings
Dratt Plate Armor
Aston Gloves
Aston Sandals
Aston Pants
Aston Robe
Aston Leather Gloves
Aston Leather Boots
Aston Leather Pants
Aston Leather Armor
Aston Gauntlets
Aston Greaves
Aston Plate Leggings
Aston Plate Armor
Devi Gloves
Devi Sandals
Devi Pants
Devi Greaves
Devi Leather Gloves
Devi Leather Boots
Devi Leather Pants
Devi Leather Armor
Devi Gauntlets
Devi Greaves
Devi Plate Leggings
Devi Plate Armor
Prima Gloves
Prima Sandals
Prima Pants
Prima Greaves
Prima Leather Gloves
Prima Leather Boots
Prima Leather Pants
Prima Leather Armor
Prima Gauntlets
Prima Greaves
Prima Plate Leggings
Prima Plate Armor
Tomb Gloves
Tomb Leather Gloves
Tomb Gauntlets
Walker
Formine Armor
Crafted by a recipe resulting from hundreds of years worth of miners' experience and wisdom.
Riena Pants
Riena Robe
Riena Leather Pants
Riena Leather Armor
Riena Plate Leggings
Riena Plate Armor
Vubbe Fighter Gauntlets
Shield Crasher
Vine Gloves
Vine Boots
Vine Pants
Vine Armor
Saint Robe
Soul Chaser Gloves
Soul Chaser Boots
Soul Chaser Pants
Soul Chaser Armor
Bone Gauntlets
Bone Greaves
Bone Skirt
Bone Armor
Shade Hands
Shade Runner
Shade Skirt
Shade Dancer
Rokas Leather Armor
Rokas Mail
Rokas Robe
Wind Runner
Zachariel's Heart
Hydra Trousers
Banshee Veil
Top [Ghost]
Empty_Neck
Right-click to equip this item.
HP Necklace
Necklace
SP Necklace
STA Necklace
Panto Necklace
Bone Necklace
Hogma Leather Necklace
Strange Charm
Defense Necklace
Novice Necklace
The fact that such equipment is so affordable is a blessing for beginners.
Vubbe Talisman
This talisman is the reason why attacks sometimes have no effect on Vubbes.
Chupacabra Necklace
Rumor says that the teeth of a Chupacabra can whisper to each other while chattering. Regardless, they definitely contain some magical power.
Wooden Necklace
It's not recommended to take this off while you're carrying something.
Iron Necklace
You might feel like you became lighter, but in reality you will not have become any thinner.
Steel Necklace
In battle, a small factor may make the difference between life and death. You certainly won't regret wearing this necklace.
Talisman
Sadly it won't help you much when studying.
Klaipeda Chain
This necklace brings out the power of the wearer's soul.
Might Fedimian Chain
Handicrafts from Fedimian have had a strong reputation for hundreds of years. You can feel the difference when you compare them to non-Fedimian items.
Dex Fedimian Chain
Health Fedimian Chain
Intel Fedimian Chain
Mind Fedimian Chain
Jukopus Necklace
Increases the magic power of the wearer.
Vubbe Necklace
Magic Pendant
Ivory Pendant
Rune Pendant
Silver Talisman
Necklace bestowed with the blessings of the Cathedral.
Necklace of Sloth
Necklace of Fury
Necklace of Deceit
String Necklace
According to legend; after learning its secret recipe, Lydia Schaffen used to wear this necklace to polish her skills during her initial period as a poor apprentice.
Panto Talisman
It is said that a human wizard gave the recipe for this necklace to the Pantos a long time ago as a gift when the Pantos and humankind were not hostile to one another.
Pyrlight Pendant
Used to be awarded by the Pyromancer Master to beginners. This tradition ceased after the goddesses disappeared.
Cryolight Pendant
Since their assumption of office prior to the Great Plant Cataclysm, the Cryomancer Master has stopped the tradition of awarding this pendant to people. Now this pendant must be either obtained or crafted by the users themselves.
Magic Talisman
Fusing two magic objects becomes easy once you find the catalyst. Humans, however, are not the only race who can discover such catalyst.
Strength Pendant
Many new magic items that use the power of monsters have been invented since the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Pyluma Chain
The Pyromancer Master is unrelated to the creation of this item.
Icema Chain
According to a rumor, the Cryomancer Master makes a profit every time this item is sold.
Poizma Chain
The people primarily involved in manufacturing this item are wizards expelled from the Mage Tower.
Lightna Chain
According to a legend, Agailla Flurry prepared several dozen copies of this item and fought the Demon King until all of them were destroyed.
Health Stone
An item crafted by combining and condensing everything known to be good for one's health through magic.
Warrior Pendant
The recipe for this item has been around for many years in the kingdom, but a theory suggests its origin to be the hometown of the Barbarian Master. There is speculation that its crafting method in the two areas are different.
Cyclops Eye
The darkness of the demon realm seen by this eye has turned, and now it serves to protect you.
Bone Necklace
When a plan to return to this world as an undead was thwarted, the power and intent were contained into this necklace.
Carnivore Necklace
Misfortune may chase you if you carry something that is not yours. Worry not, since the name and the origin of this necklace is unknown.
Kepa Pendant
Formine Necklace
The remains of a noble soldier has found a new owner.
Conqueror
Its origin dates back to the gift presented by a wise man to the Great King Zachariel as a symbol of servitude during the founding period of the kingdom. A later king released the recipe, and many were crafted in the past. Now, however, it is difficult to find the recipe.
Petamion
Some people say that this item proves the theory that the demons were the first to find the secret method of increasing all abilities simultaneously, not the humans.
Electus
By combining two elements that normally do not mix, you can maximize the power of one of them. One must, however, consider the loss of other's benefits and traits resulting from this combination.
Saphie Necklace
Although this item could not protect its previous owner, it did remain with them until the end. Hopefully this necklace succeeds in both tasks for you.
Guardian
An item that contains the grace of Goddess Zemyna who disapproves any sort of dispute. It endows an incredible protection to the wearer, but at a severe cost to the wearer's offensive power.
Max Petamion
If you're seeking a way to improve every single ability of a person, the answer is already there. However, it is not easy to realize that answer for your own use.
Animus
Rumors has it that the one who wears this item will leave a part of his soul in a different world. Despite the vast number of people who are still researching on this matter, the mechanism of this item remains a mystery.
Empty_Ring
Grooved Bangle
Bracelet
The slot where the gem was attached is still clearly visible.
Leather Bangle
Some monster leathers, although they don't contain any magical attributes, can gain magical effects depending on how they are crafted. You should not dismiss this item based on its material.
Light Bangle
Some people hold a misconception that this item increases your muscle strength, which is completely inaccurate.
Heavy Bangle
An increase in your mental strength is not because of an amplification of your ability but a stronger bonding with your surroundings. This, in turn, will replenish your energy.
Ring Bracelet
Accuracy is, in essence, the ability to exert precise control over your body. The Accuracy Bangle enables that kind of self-control.
Noble Bracelet
It is said that the blessings of Zemyna, the goddess of the Earth, lie within this equipment.
Iron Bangle
Although devoid of any magical effect, it will certainly increase your defense.
Health Heavy Bangle
For equipment requiring little to no magic effect, Fedimian items are reputed to have a long history of great craftsmanship and quality.
Magi Heavy Bangle
Arcurus Heavy Bangle
Light Heavy Bangle
Light Iron Bangle
Most consider this item as the worn and damaged version of the Iron Bangle.
Klaipeda Bracelet
Wooden Bangle
It is made of a lightweight wood.
Vubbe Bangle
Forest Bangle
Rokas Bracelet
Rune Bracelet
Silver Bracelet
Crystal Bangle
This item used to be mainly made of crystals from the Crystal Mine. Production of this item has become difficult as the mine has been experiencing many difficulties as of late.
Shine Bracelet
According to the wearers of this item, one feels as though their life force and vitality are overflowing.
Battle Bracelet
This bracelet has sadly been used for more battles between humans in the past than battles against monsters.
Poison Bangle
This item has been manufactured with various poisons since its origin and, with the Great Plant Cataclysm, materials have become even easier to find.
Plants Bracelet
After quickly discovering the weaknesses of the Plants, the Winterspoon family has openly been sharing ways to use this information with people.
Control Bangle
When inorganic matter mutates and becomes a monster, there is a way to weaken them by manipulating their spirits. This equipment contains a mechanism that does that.
Hunter Bangle
This bangle has been well known among hunters for a long time. With the sudden proliferation of monsters in recent times, more people are using it.
Bracer of Archer
The bloodthirsty instinct contained in one of its materials is said to impact the accuracy of the wearer.
Wizard Bracelet
A very old recipe of which the time of origin cannot be determined. Although rare, it has been found in many diverse locations.
Rapid Bangle
Originally from demons who passed the recipe down to Vubbes, this recipe was released by human warriors who stole it from the Vubbes.
Glass Bracelet
There is a rumor that the price of jewels are about to skyrocket thanks to the increasing number of people who want to wear this.
Merregina Bangle
Some say they can smell the scent of the sea from this item, but that's most likely just a psychological delusion.
Bearkaras Bracelet
You can tell where the Bearkaras' power comes from.
Novice Bangle
If this is your first time wearing something on your wrist, this is a good choice.
Gladiator Band
This band was invented during the rule of King Kadumel when gladiator games were popular. With the increasing threat from monsters, this recipe is garnering attention.
Bracelet of Linne
It was named after a scientist who discovered ways to deal with the new species that came after the Great Plant Cataclysm.
Pora
If you look closely, you can read an engraving: 
Crafted by the first humans, blessed by the origins of life when light and darkness existed equally
.
Pore
Zachariel Bangle
It is told that this bangle is a memento dedicated to the Great King crafted by his followers after his death.
Sissel Bracelet
According to a legend, a warrior obtained this bracelet at the cost of relinquishing his sanity and humanity for pure frenzy, in order to seal away a very strong Demon King.
Skill 1 Bracelet
You can use a special skill.
Skill 2 Bracelet
Skill 3 Bracelet
Skill 4 Bracelet
Highlander Costume
Costume
It was made with elegance for the Royal Palace and formal events while not being restrictive to the movements of your limbs.
Peltasta Costume
Peltastas prefer a fancy outfit because they care more about flaunting their battle actions to their allies than the dangers of being spotted by an enemy.
Hoplite Costume
A costume made for versatile leg movement such as jumping and throwing a spear. Also appropriate for events requiring formal attire.
Centurion Costume
This costume inherits a traditional look that has continued for a thousand years.
Barbarian Costume
Although Barbarians do not follow a particular style, this would be closest to their usual preference.
Cataphract Costume
Made to be appropriate for a horse rider. Also minimizes the burden to the mount.
Corsair Costume
This costume consists of several layers of independent clothes. It demonstrates the wisdom of the seafarers.
Doppelsoeldner Costume
It expresses their free spirit while maintaining the traditional look from the the Doppelsoeldners' place of origin.
Rodelero Costume
Made to weather any storm while also boasting defensive capabilities suitable for pitched battle.
Squire Costume
A traditional costume reflecting a Squire's requirement for clothing suited for long distance travel through various terrain.
Shinobi Costume
Murmillo Costume
Panzer Costume
Lancer Costume
Dragoon Costume
Pyromancer Costume
Pyromancers believe their costume represents their image as both a wizard and a gentlemanly cleric.
Cryomancer Costume
Crafted to withstand not only a cool breeze but freezing cold temperatures. The costume has been modified to be extremely practical reflecting the current master's personality.
Psychokino Costume
Despite its neat look, the costume is very loose when worn. This is because Psychokinos hate being confined, whether it is their soul or their body.
Alchemist Costume
This multilayered costume is designed in such a way that it can be taken off layer by layer during an emergency.
Sorcerer Costume
For a spellcaster robe, it is quite battle-optimized. If one thinks about the creatures they have to deal with, however, it's very much justified.
Linker Costume
Due to their nature of pursuing connections among things, Linkers prefer a simple and plain outfit that will remind one of nothing at all. They say they do this so that people will not have a standardized view of Linkers.
Chronomancer Costume
Chronomancers claim that their costume was Agailla Flurry's favorite style.
Necromancer Costume
Although Necromancers themselves do not want to look sombre, their costume is dark enough to conduct a funeral.
Thaumaturge Costume
In truth, their costume does not match the magic they practice, but tradition is a very strong factor that cannot be ignored.
Elementalist Costume
It was crafted with careful consideration so as to not be identified with any particular branch of magic.
Mimic Costume
Taoist Costume
Hunter Costume
A costume optimized and designed for long term survival in the forest.
Quarrel Shooter Costume
It once used to be a uniform of the guards of a large city. However the costume remained the same even after Quarrel Shooters were long disassociated with such a role.
Ranger Costume
The Ranger's costume is an evolutionary change of the Quarrel Shooter's costume.
Sapper Costume
Although Sappers are related to the Army, their outfit is unregulated due to their specialist role.
Wugushi Costume
A very traditional costume from their hometown reflecting their history.
Hackapell Costume
This costume allows the wearer to freely turn their torso while mounted, and has been designed to be comfortable for the wearer's legs.
Scout Costume
A costume designed with a focused consideration on the time of activity rather than the environment.
Rogue Costume
Similarly designed to the Scout's costume but with better mobility. It is clearly inappropriate for formal events.
Schwarzer Reiter Costume
A solemn and valiant costume that gives reassurance and a trustworthy feeling to others.
Fletcher Costume
It offers a surprising defensive capability due to the thick fabrics used. Considering its wearer's role, mobility can be sacrificed without issue.
Falconer Costume
Appraiser Costume
Pied Piper Costume
Musketeer Costume
Priest Costume
Priests believe they are the most neutral and traditional among the clerics and their costume reflects this belief.
Krivis Costume
The Krivis proudly claim that they are the guardians of the oldest traditional faith. Their costume dates back to the Great King Zachariel's rule.
Bokor Costume
A costume fitting for any activity, whether it's for looking into a crystal ball, for knitting, or for swinging a weapon.
Druid Costume
The long drape used in this costume is said to be helpful for ourdoor living.
Sadhu Costume
This outfit was heavily influenced by the location of origin of its wearer.
Dievdirbys Costume
Needless to say, clothes uncomfortable for sculpting are not even considered.
Oracle Costume
Soft and light, this costume is said to comfort and calm your body and soul.
Monk Costume
A costume emphasizing the solemnity of a cleric while being comfortable enough for physical training.
Pardoner Costume
Like their suits, this costume gives a sense of faith to others.
Paladin Costume
Paladins have two sets of costumes for different purpose: one for indoor prayer and another for outdoor battle. This one is for the latter.
Shepherd Costume
Chaplain Costume
Empty_Hat
Hair Costume
A costume for the hair slot.{nl}Right-click to equip.
Cat Ears
This will gain you affection from a certain animal.
Crystal Headband
Pony Tail
Goggles used to protect your eyes.
Steel Visor
Wings Visor
Fedora
Goggles
Allows you to keep your eyes open in any condition. Fogging might be an issue, though.
Lepusbunny Headband
Headgear based on the ears of a Lepusbunny. Using this won't improve your hearing.
Ginkgo Leaf
Easily found during autumn. It may smell like the Ginkgo fruit.
Tiger Swallowtail
Experience the sensation of a Tiger Swallowtail landing on your head.
Eagle Feather
Can be used as a writing tool if needed.
Muscharia Hat
A mushroom might grow on your head.
Crown
With great power comes great responsibility.
White Flower Hairpin
You might be mistaken for a flower child.
Tiger Mask
A mask with a silly tiger face on it.
Tini Doll
If you face the real Tini, it will be very different from a doll.
Wing Helmet
A helmet with a wing decoration.
Wing Decoration
Inspired by a goddess' wing.
Nesting Egg
Nobody knows why the egg was nested on someone's head.
Nesting Chick
If you don't feed it properly, you might become bald due to the hungry chick.
Nesting Chicken
Now you'll always have eggs for breakfast.
Campaign Hat
A hat used for a special event or when marching.
Gentleman's Dignity
A very fancy, pompous hat.
Stylish Glasses
The latest, trending glasses. It has a pair of colored lenses.
Ice Bag
Very good when you have a fever or for cooling your head.
Rosa Rugosa
Smells very pleasant.
Feather Hat
Don't mind the feather being larger than the hat.
Maple Leaf
Head decoration made to look like a maple leaf. Keep it away from fire.
Red Tassel Hat
An ornate hat with tassels. Used sometimes by a high ranking official or by reputable people.
Nurse Headband
Wearing this won't give you any healing powers.
Kateen Flower Decoration
Headband made with flowers from the Kateen Forest. It emanates a faint blue light.
Dog Ears
Wearing this will make you cuter.
Cow Headband
Moooo mooooo mooo moo moooo.
Small Lion Mask
In some regions people dance while wearing this mask to cast away evil spirits.
Big Lion Mask
Tengu Mask
Based on a folk tale creature from a faraway land.
Fox Mask
Made to look like the face of a fox. People say this mask used to be worn by some assassins.
Glasses from the Otherworld
If you wear this, you will enjoy a better depth perception.
Goat Horns
If you wear this, your headbutting power may increase.
Demon Wings
Wearing this won't give you any special powers against demons or vice-versa.
Silver Tiara
Sometimes the bride will wear this during her wedding.
Bear Eyemask
Blocks the light so you can sleep better.
Symbol of Wealth
Show them the meaning of 'wealth'.
Golden Rabbit Hairpin
Don't lose it, it's made of solid gold.
Antler Horns
Towing a sled while wearing this might not be a bad idea.
Officer Helmet
Decorations are attached to this helmet to demand respect.
Gilt Helmet
The metal of this helmet has been gilded with gold plate.
Steel Helmet
A helmet made of strong plate metal. Often worn by knights.
Black Rabbit Ears
Connoisseurs often get into disputes regarding the cuteness factor of a straight ear versus a folded ear.
Kepa Doll
A hat that represents a Kepa.
Pink Bunny
Flaunt your pink-pink-ish attractiveness and cuteness at the same time.
Stake
It is said to be a mask used in a faraway land.
White Tiger Mask
A mask based on the white tiger, a very rare animal.
Glasses
Helps your eyesight.
Unicorn Horn
The horn of a Unicorn. It is considered a mythical item.
Red Horns
Although you cannot become a demon, you can attach these to your head.
Desert Chupacabra Ears
If you look carefully, you can see tiny soft hairs on these ears.
Mirtis Helmet
A helmet previously used by Mirtis.
Red Devil Wings
Why do people want to attach wings to their heads?
Angel Wings
I now know that feeling of being alone. This was a mistake.
Fallen Angel Wings
The angels who committed sins are said to have had their wings turned black by their corruption.
Maid Headband
How can I serve you today, master?
Wugushi Helmet
A helmet that is symbolic of the Wugushi.
Earplugs
Blocks out noise.
It completely cuts you off from any external sound, including Mandragoras' screams.
Luxury Hairpin
Feather Helmet
Shaman Mask
Sprout
Fried Egg
Party Cone
Cat Hairpin
Imperial Helm
Ball from Another World
Burdensome Ribbon
Paper Crane
Ghost Headband
Carnival Mask
Peacock Feather
War Bonnet
Pineapple
Desert Outlaw
Clown Cap
Owl
Crown Headband
Pudding
Bride Coronet
Polka Dot Ribbon
Blue Ribbon
Mint Chocolate Cupcake
Strawberry Cupcake
Mergen Hat
Point
Resets your threat value.
Shadow Umbrella
Animal-type monsters cannot attack you.
Medusa Head
Petrifies the enemy.
Confusion Flag
Confuses the enemy.
Imperial Fan
Blows the enemy away.
Demonbane Charm
Reduces the defense of Devil-type monsters.
Bronze Compass
Provides immunity to [Confusion].
Bubble Stick
Bubble Staff
Secondary Dagger
HPSP Potion
SP Potion
Speed Potion
STA Potion
Aggro Potion
Money Bag
Medal
Four-leaf Clover
Charm
Increases your critical rate.
Alchemy 1
Alchemy 2
Alchemy 3
Alchemy 4
Alchemy 5
Alchemy 6
Alchemy 7
Alchemy 8
Alchemy 9
Alchemy 10
Alchemy 11
Alchemy 12
Alchemy 13
Alchemy 14
Alchemy 15
Fitting Room
Muzzles
Frying Pan
Pirate Flag
Shovel
Tongs
Claymore Skill
Alchemy 16
Hammer
Lamp
Filter
Anvil Set
Hammer 2
Material Bag
Monstrance Set
Magnifier
Magnifier Skill
Empty_Outer
Empty_Pants
Empty_Gloves
Empty_Boots
Top
Stamina +5 Potion
Right-click to use.
Small HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}192 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}320 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Large HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}640 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Small SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}144 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}240 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Medium SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}480 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Stamina Pill
Restores 15 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
STA Pill (Medium)
Restores 30 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
STA Pill (Large)
Restores 40 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Small Recovery Potion
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}224 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Recovery Potion
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}373 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Large Recovery Potion
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}744 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
STA +5 Potion
Increases your Stamina by 5.
Red Kepa Piece
Inflicts periodic Poison Damage (Lv1) to the monster when used.
Can be only used on Beast-type monsters.
HP Recovery Potion (Small)
SP Recovery Potion (Small)
HP +5 Potion
HP +10 Potion
Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 5 for 180 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Warp Scroll
Allows you to warp to any activated Goddess Statue. Your current location will be saved at a Goddess Statue.
Companion Food
Restores Velheider's Stamina by 30.
Varnalesa
Restores 32~35 SP. Easy to acquire.{nl}Right-click to use.
Valerijonas
A flower that can be used as a herb.
Ciobrelis
A purple colored flower that has regenerative effects when boiled. Restores 8 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use.
Uosis
A herb that grows in sunny fields.
Amalas
Aviete
Gyslotis
A herb used by a priest during a ceremony for the dead.
Jonazole
Mairunas
Ramunele
Raudonelis
Sweet-tasting herb. It is sometimes used for treatment of wounds. Restores HP.
Onion
Only those who have peeled its skin it knows how it feels.
Salavijas
Dilgele
It tastes bad but restores your SP.
Medus
Sticky liquid with a sweet taste.
Nukella
Acorn
Truffle
Restores 350~400 SP. A well-known delicacy among food connoisseurs. {nl}Right-click to use.
Flower Bun
Pine Mushroom
Bezoar
You can obtain this from the Mission Glassmole and Mission Woodspirit from a Lv50 Mission.
Red Ox
Gives you the fortitude of an ox. Your Stamina will not deplete for 10 minutes.
Hardtack
Firent Fruit
Mangosteen
Peach
Surstromming
Durian
Strawberry
Fruit of Wisdom
Lemon
Aggro Potion
Lv120 Klaipeda Parish's Request
A scroll that will open a mission portal. {nl}Right-click to use.
Crystal Mine Mission Warp Stone
Lv140 Watchers' Request
Lv160 Paladin Followers' Request
Seven Valley Mission Warp Stone
Thorn Forest Mission Warp Stone
Canyon Area Mission Warp Stone
Royal Mausoleum Mission Warp Stone
Area of Ruins Mission Warp Stone
Mage Tower Mission Warp Stone
Holy Water
Water blessed with a holy spirit. Used by priests.
Holy Powder
A white powder that is consumed when priests cast a magic spell. It is said to amplify their magical power.
Catacombs Mission Warp Stone
Garlic
Popolion Meat
Restores 350~400 SP. A well-known delicacy among food connoisseurs. {nl}Right-click to use.
Klaipeda Warp Scroll
Teleports you to Klaipeda. {nl}Right-click to use.
TP Box
Contains 1 TP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Cures the [Poison] status ailment.
Velheider's Food
Velheider's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 30.
Hoglan's Food
Hoglan's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 30.
Arma's Food
Arma's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 30.
Basic Warp Scroll
Lv1 EXP Card
Adds 30 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv2 EXP Card
Adds 120 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv3 EXP Card
Adds 500 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv4 EXP Card
Adds 2000 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv5 EXP Card
Adds 6000 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv6 EXP Card
Adds 12000 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv7 EXP Card
Adds 24000 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
HP Increase Potion
Permanently increases your maximum HP by 30. {nl}Right-click to use.
SP Increase Potion
Permanently increases your maximum SP by 20. {nl}Right-click to use.
Stamina Increase Potion
Permanently increases your maximum Stamina by 5. {nl}Right-click to use.
Weight Increase Potion
Permanently increases your maximum Weight by 100. {nl}Right-click to use.
Basic Small HP Potion
Basic HP Potion Supply
Basic Large HP Potion
Basic Small SP Potion
Basic SP Potion
Basic Medium SP Potion
Basic Stamina Pill
Basic STA Potion (Medium)
Basic STA Potion (Large)
Basic Small Recovery Potion
Basic Recovery Potion
Basic Large Recovery Potion
Basic Movement Speed Potion
STR Increase Potion
Permanently increases your STR by 1. {nl}Right-click to use.
DEX Increase Potion
Permanently increases your DEX by 1. {nl}Right-click to use.
CON Increase Potion
Permanently increases your CON by 1. {nl}Right-click to use.
INT Increase Potion
Permanently increases your INT by 1. {nl}Right-click to use.
SPR Increase Potion
Permanently increases your SPR by 1. {nl}Right-click to use.
Status Increase Potion
Gives 1 Status Point. Right-click to use.
Permanently increases your maximum carry weight by 50. {nl}Right-click to use.
Cooldown Time Potion (CBT Test Purposes)
Reduce the cooldown duration of all skills by 50% for 10 minutes. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 10 minutes.
Status Reset Scroll (CBT Test Purposes)
Resets all the Status Points of your character.{nl}(CBT Tester only)
Lv8 EXP Card
Adds 36000 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv9 EXP Card
Adds 60000 EXP. {nl}50% chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Attack Booster +3
Increases weapon damage by 3. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Attack Booster +5
Increases weapon damage by 5. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Attack Booster +14
Increases weapon damage by 14. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Defense Booster +4
Reduces damage taken by 4. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Defense Booster +8
Reduces damage taken by 8. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Highly Condensed HP Potion
Highly Condensed HP Potion
Highly Condensed Stamina Pill
Cooldown Time Potion
Monster Specimen Set
An old relic found in a well. {nl}Right-click to use.
Ore Collection
A collection where you can register your items.{nl}You can register an item by right-clicking it.
Flower Collection
Bone Collection
Crystal Collection
Royal Mausoleum Collection
Cockatrice Collection
Devil Collection
Tenet Church Collection
Spirit Collection
Lv1 Card Collection
Lv2 Card Collection
Lv3 Card Collection
Lv4 Card Collection
Practice Anvil
You can improve the ability of an item by placing and hammering it on this anvil. {nl}Purchasable from Item Merchant.{nl}Right-click to use.
Gaigalas Card
Card
A card containing the power of a strong monster.
Gazing Golem Card
Gorgon Card
Golem Card
Grinender Card
Glass Mole Card
Ginklas Card
Netherbovine Card
Necroventer Card
Deadborn Card
Cursed Devilglove Card
Denoptic Card
Ravinepede Card
Rajatoad Card
Rocktortuga Card
Rexipher Card
Reaverpede Card
Rikaus Card
Mineloader Card
Mallet Wyvern Card
Magburk Card
Manticen Card
Mummyghast Card
Mushcaria Card
Merge Card
Mothstem Card
Moa Card
Moyabruka Card
Moldyhorn Card
Molich Card
Minotaur Card
Mirtis Card
Bebraspion Card
Bearkaras Card
Velorchard Card
Vubbe Fighter Card
Red Vubbe Fighter Card
Bramble Card
Biteregina Card
Cyclops Card
Saltistter Card
Salamander Card
Shadowgaler Card
Stone Whale Card
Shnayim Card
Scorpio Card
Specter Monarch Card
Throneweaver Card
Ironbaum Card
Archon Card
Abomination Card
Unknocker Card
Achat Card
Ellaganos Card
Yekub Card
Yonazolem Card
Werewolf Card
Unicorn Card
Iltiswort Card
Giant Red Wood Goblin Card
Giant Wood Goblin Card
Chapparition Card
Chafer Card
Carapace Card
Kepa Chieftain Card
Colimencia Card
Clymen Card
Kirmeleech Card
Tutu Card
Tomb Lord Card
Poata Card
Sequoia Card
Harpeia Card
Honeypin Card
Helgasercle Card
Specter of Deceit Card
Hydra Card
Rajapearl Card
Corrupted Card
Lepus Card
Sparnas Card
Sparnasman Card
Cerberus Card
Capria Card
Nepenthes Card
Simorph Card
Gray Golem Card
Naktis Card
Linkroller Card
Dullahan Card
Riteris Card
Nuaele Card
Neop Card
Blut Card
Glackuman Card
Tetraox Card
Basilisk Card
Gremlin Card
Plokste Card
Wood Houngan Card
Velnewt Card
Velpede Card
Pyroego Card
Mandara Card
Lithorex Card
Nuodai Card
Centaurus Card
Yeti Card
Progola Card
Marionette Card
Canceril Card
Crabil Card
Megaphone
Amplifies your voice. Use [/y 'chat'] to send your message to all maps in your server.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 40.
Vubbe Magic Stone
A quest item obtained from monsters.
A dark magic stone obtainable only from Vubbes that have been exposed to crystals for a long period of time.
Hanaming Petal
The ingredient of a consumable item. {nl} Tradable with NPCs.
A sweet-smelling flower leaf. {nl}Obtained from Hanamings.
Lv2 Treasure Chest Key
Key
A key to open a Lv2 Treasure Chest.
Lv3 Treasure Chest Key
A key to open a Lv3 Treasure Chest.
Lv4 Treasure Chest Key
A key to open a Lv4 Treasure Chest.
Lv5 Treasure Chest Key
A key to open a Lv5 Treasure Chest.
Kepa Stem
Item obtained from a monster.
A long stem that tastes slightly spicy. {nl}Obtained from Kepas.
Leaf Bug Shell
A thin back shell. A faint pattern is visible. {nl}Obtained from Leaf Bugs.
Chinency Leaf
A leaf that tastes slightly bitter. It becomes thicker as it gets closer to the stem. {nl}Obtained from Chinencys.
Infro Rocktor Shell
A sturdy shell with a hexagonal pattern on it. {nl}Obtained from Infro Rocktors.
Chupacabra Tooth
A small and sharp tooth. {nl}Obtained from a Chupacabra.
Weaver Feeler
A blunt feeler with a hairy surface. {nl}Obtained from Weavers.
Pokubu Skin
Gray leather. {nl}Obtained from Pokubus.
Jukopus Leaf
It is wide and wrinkly. {nl}Obtained from Jukopuses.
Red Kepa Crystal
The crystal formation found inside the plant comes from the solidification of its sap. {nl}Obtained from Red Kepas.
Large Monster Leaf
Material obtained from monsters. {nl}Used for crafting.
Vubbe Token
A charm carried by Vubbes. It's very crudely made. {nl}Obtained from Vubbes.
Stone Orca Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Stone Orcas.
Crystal Spider Feelers
Slim, black feelers. {nl}Obtained from Crystal Spiders.
Yekubite Feeler
Thin and sharp feelers. {nl}Obtained from Yekubites.
Panto Horn
It can be used to craft many tools thanks to its hardness. {nl}Obtained from Pantos.
Zignuts Stem
The stem can be processed into fabric. Not suitable for eating. {nl}Obtained from Zignuts.
Butterfly Wing
Care is required as it's very brittle.
Seed's Seed
Firent Flower
A red flower that only blooms on Firent. It has noticeably large petals. {nl}Obtained from Firent.
Egnome Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Egnomes.
Yognome Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Yognomes.
Violet Leaf
Rafflet Flower
Tanu Stem
A thick, thorny stem. Not suitable for eating. {nl}Obtained from Tanus.
Beetow Feeler
A green monster feeler. Its leatherlike toughness makes it useful as string. {nl}Obtained from Beetows.
Maize Spore Pocket
Ultanun Feather
Feather of a common bird. {nl}Obtained from Ultanuns.
Karkash Mushroom
Mushroom that only grows on Karkash. Unpopular due to its nasty taste. {nl}Obtained from Karkashs.
Elravine Bones
Upent Bark
Long wooden bark. It has many uses. {nl}Obtained from Upents.
Mantiwood Wing
Unlike other insect wings, it is smooth and flexible. {nl}Obtained from Mantiwoods.
Thornball Thorn
It is light and fragile due to its empty core. {nl}Obtained from Thornballs.
Operor Thorn
Due to its small size, only experienced crafters are able to use this properly. {nl}Obtained from Operors.
Bagworm Shell
Although too soft to be called a 'shell', a fabric can be made from it. {nl}Obtained from Bagworms.
Truffle Crystal
This crystal was formed by solidification of sap inside the plant comes from the solidification of its sap. {nl}Obtained from Truffles.
Matsum Stem
People sometimes boil this stem to make a drink that curbs hunger. {nl}Obtained from Matsums.
Merog Heart
Not used as a food, but often used for magic research. {nl}Obtained from Merogs.
Chafperor Wing
A transparent wing. {nl}Obtained from Chafperors.
Catacomb Leafbug Shell
Thin back shell. A faint pattern is visible. {nl}Obtained from Catacomb Leafbugs.
Candle
A lantern would be nice, but a candle can also be a great source of light.
Catacomb Maggot Feeler
Tontooth Thorn
Small but enough to inflict pain. {nl}Obtained from Tontooths.
Pino Leaf
A small leaf that looks like a fish scale. {nl}Obtained from Pinos.
Geppetto Stem
Frequently used in bowcrafting due to its flexible properties. {nl}Obtained from Geppettos.
Zinute Skin
It shows a defined geometry. A special process is required before use due to its hardness, which is like metal. {nl}Obtained from Zinutes.
Desert Chupacabra Meat
Quite tough due to the muscle fibers but has a savory taste. {nl}Obtained from Desert Chupacabras.
Wendigo Tooth
A tooth hard enough to bite through strong wood. {nl}Obtained from Wendigos.
Sauga Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Saugas.
Lauzinute Skin
It is stronger than Zinute Skin. {nl}Obtained from Lauzinutes.
Hogma Tooth
Similar to a human tooth but larger. {nl}Obtained from Hogmas.
Varv Feeler
Whether this item has any practical use is still unclear. {nl}Obtained from Varvs.
Zinutekas Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Zinutekas.
Vesper Counterweight
It is still unknown as to why Vespers carry a counterweight. It certainly prevents them from flying higher. {nl}Obtained from Vespers.
Vikaras Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Vikarases.
Shtayim Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Shtayims.
Wheelen Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Wheelens.
Rusrat Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Rusrats.
Mauros Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Mauroses.
Wax
Although this can be found from many monsters, it's most easily obtainable from a Tree Ambulo.
Stumpy Tree Leaf
A rather stiff leaf. {nl}Obtained from Stumpy Trees.
Long-Branched Tree Crystal
This crystal formation found inside the plant comes from the solidification of its sap. {nl}Obtained from Long-Branched Trees.
Infro Birk Shell
A shellpiece that can withstand heavy impact despite its thin appearance. {nl}Obtained from Infro Birks.
Zolem Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Zolems.
Gravegolem Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Gravegolems.
Hallowventer Spirit Matter
A physical manifestation of a strong spirit. You might become possessed if you handle it without a safety device. {nl}Obtained from Hallowventers.
Big Cockatrice Heart
The heart of a beast. Similar physiological layout to the human heart. {nl}Obtained from Big Cockatrices.
Drake Meat
Must be cooked for a very long time due to its resistance to fire. Because of this slow cooking, however, it is extremely delicious. {nl}Obtained from Drakes.
Phyracon Leaf
Red colored leaf. {nl}Obtained from Phyracons.
Shaman Doll Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Shaman Dolls.
Slime Piece
Due to its soft, spongy texture, it has no use except for magical research. {nl}Obtained from Slimes.
Arma Thorn
It is very thick and strong. {nl}Obtained from Armas.
Green Drake Tooth
Handle it with care, as it can drip an acid from the tip. {nl}Obtained from Green Drakes.
Flask Piece
Always be careful of broken glass shards. {nl}Obtained from Flasks.
Red Hook
If you don't need a hook, you can melt this to make something else. {nl}Obtained from Red Nudock Hooks.
Black Shaman Doll Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelesly. {nl}Obtained from Tama.
Dimmer Marble
The fiery color makes this very popular as a decoration. {nl}Obtained from Dimmers.
Black Drake Heart
Still beating, as if trying to prove its resilience. {nl}Obtained from Black Drakes.
Rocktor Skin
Usually used as a material for armor. {nl}Obtained from Rocktors.
Venucelos Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Venuceloses.
Echad Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Echads.
Tama Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Tamas.
Lizardman Tooth
If you can handle the savage Lizardmen, this tooth can be a worthy trophy. {nl}Obtained from Lizardmen.
Hook
If you don't need a hook, you can melt this to make something else. {nl}Obtained from Rusty Old Hooks.
Winged Frog Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Winged Frogs.
Cockatrice Bones
This is not a leftover chicken bone. {nl}Obtained from Cockatrices.
Drake Horn
The hardness of this horn makes it suitable to be used as a weapon. {nl}Obtained from Drakes.
Groll Horn
This is the main reason people hunt Grolls. {nl}Obtained from Grolls.
Blue Fragaras Stem
It is closer to a tendon than a stem. {nl}Obtained from Blue Fragarases.
Vekarabe Shell
Feels as if it is made of rock. {nl}Obtained from Vekarabes.
Boowook Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Boowooks.
Vubbe Bow
Very crudely made bow. {nl}Obtained from Vubbe Archers.
Vubbe Pickaxe
A pickaxe used in mines. Can be used as a weapon when needed. {nl}Obtained from Vubbe Miners.
Vubbe Hood
According to a theory, Vubbes wear these to look fancy. {nl}Obtained from Vubbe Mages and Vubbe Shamans.
Dandel Wing
Looks similar to a bat wing, but is actually a plant stem. {nl}Obtained from Dandels.
Panto Eyebrow
Panto Spear Shaft
Spear used by the Panto. {nl}Obtained from Panto Spearmen.
Tipio Stamen
You will sneeze if you breathe in the pollen from this. {nl}Obtained from Tipios.
Doyor Leaf Bunch
Perfect alternative to an umbrella. {nl}Obtained from Doyors.
Hogma Archer Belt
Very strong, but crude, belt. {nl}Obtained from Hogma Archers.
Panto Spearhead
A Panto insignia is engraved onto the spear blade. {nl}Obtained from Panto Spearthrowers.
Phylogistone
A mysterious stone infused with the power of fire. {nl}Obtained from Drakes.
Sulfur
A mineral that burns blue.
Cinnabar
A red ore, the principal ingredient of Mercury.
Bat Wing
A very frequently used ingredient for alchemy.
Glass Fragment
A broken glass fragment of no use. {nl}Obtained from Flasks.
Oak Wood
An unprocessed log of wood.
Ash Wood
Pine Wood
Cedar Wood
Oak Lumber
Processed lumber used as a material for crafting.
Ash Lumber
Pine Lumber
Cedar Lumber
Coliflower Stem
Very difficult to process due to abundance of thorns on the stem. {nl}Obtained from Coliflowers.
Altered Sauga Core
Core that has been modified for greater output. {nl}Obtained from Saugas.
Dandel Crystal
This crystal formation found inside the plant comes from the solidification of its sap. {nl}Obtained from Dandels.
Bagworm Poison
Not suitable for drinking! {nl}Obtained from Bagworms.
Broadhead Arrow
An arrowhead used for hunting. It has a broad edge to assist in hunting.
Bodkin Point Arrow
A very narrow, pointy arrowhead optimized for armor piercing.
Hail Mary Arrow
An arrowhead designed to carry payload of explosives.
Wendigo Fang
An intact Wendigo Fang that can fetch a great price. {nl}Obtained from Wendigos.
Gold Bar
A bar of gold. It is obviously worth a lot.
Mercury
A strange gemstone sometimes found in monsters. Attracted by its mysterious color, many collectors seek this gem.
Kepa Skin
Advanced Materials
Kepa Crystal
Rare Materials
Leaf Bug Feeler
Shiny Skin
Hanaming Aroma
Hanaming Crystal
Chinency Root
Infro Rocktor Bones
It's not only the shell that's sturdy, but also the insides. {nl}Obtained from Infro Rocktors.
Talt
A strange gemstone sometimes found in monsters. Attracted by its mysterious color, many collectors seek this gem. One curious amasser reported the stone to have a very salty taste.
Chupacabra Skin
Chupacabra Eyeball
Popolion Bones
Popolion Leaf
Weaver Skin
Weaver Venom
Pokubu Meat
Pokubu Horn
Discolored Leaf
Jukopus Rope
Red Kepa Stem
Vubbe Spear Head
Vubbe Blood
Vubbe's blood is green. {nl}Obtained from Vubbes.
Raflower Root
Raflower Crystal
Stone Orca Piece
Bat Tooth
Bats use their teeth to suck blood from their target. {nl}Obtained from Bats.
Shredded Piece of Cloth
An old piece of cloth. {nl}Obtained from Shreddeds.
Shredded Spirit Matter
A physical manifestation of a strong spirit. You might become possessed if you handle it without a safety device. {nl}Obtained from Shreddeds.
Yekubite Tooth
A tooth that has developed to crush meat. {nl}Obtained from Yekubites.
Yekubite Crystal
A crystal that only grows on the tail of a Yekubite. It grows in size as its host matures. {nl}Obtained from Yekubites.
Crystal Spider Shell
Crystal Spider Crystal
If you're blinded by the crystals, you won't notice the monster lurking beneath. {nl}Obtained from Crystal Spiders.
Vubbe Fighter Blood
Vubbe blood that is thicker and more viscous than normal. {nl}Obtained from Vubbe Fighters.
Zignuts Fruit
Zignuts Seed
Panto Leaf Decoration
Hummingbird Wing
A wing that has the shape of a flower petal. {nl}Obtained from Hummingbirds.
Hummingbird Feeler
Hummingbird Wing Power
Leafly Wing
Always be careful with the wings of an insect. {nl}Obtained from Leaflies.
Leafly Feeler
Leafly Egg
Seedmia Seed
What is it like to grow a Seedmia? {nl}Obtained from Seedmias.
Seedmia Pollen
Drake Epaulet
Firent Skin
It looks similar to a normal tree. {nl}Obtained from Firents.
Broken Panto Sword
It might be usable if repaired. {nl}Obtained from Panto Fighters.
Panto Hoof
Panto Shaman Wand Decoration
Mallardu Meat
A good source of protein. {nl}Obtained from Mallardus.
Mallardu Feather
Mallardu Beak
Violet Flower
Violet Crystal
Obtained from Yognomes.
Yognome Fragment
Obtained from Egnomes.
Egnome Fragment
A piece of metal haunted by an evil energy. {nl}Obtained from Egnomes.
Rodelin Wing
Rodelin Cloth Piece
Pawnd Hair
Pawnd Bow
Pawndel Hair
Pawndel Shaft
Because the metal is crafted by magic, it usually disintegrates when the monster dies. Very rarely will it stay intact. {nl}Obtained from Pawndels.
Galok Leather
The leather of a very strong demon that has very high durability. {nl}Obtained from Galoks.
Galok Claw
Glizardon Bones
You need to face great danger to obtain this. {nl}Obtained from Glizardons.
Glizardon Heart
This heart is blessed with a great life force, but cursed with a powerful evil energy. {nl}Obtained from Glizardons.
Glizardon Tail
Pure Crystal
A gemstone carried by many powerful monsters in the Crystal Mine. {nl}Obtained from Carapace and Specter Monarch.
Firewood
Used to start a campfire. You can start a campfire while sitting.
Lapas Resin
Judas Crystal
Seed Oil
Maize Spore Pocket
If you're not careful, the pocket may burst and the spores will fly out. {nl}Obtained from Maizes.
Maize Leaf
Maize Eyeball
Fishing Rod
Obtained from Fishermen.
Fisherman Core
Kitchen Knife
A dented kitchen knife. {nl}Obtained from Brown Zigris.
Large Hook
If you don't need this hook, you can melt this to craft something else. {nl}Obtained from Green Puragis.
Banshee Spirit Matter
A physical manifestation of a strong spirit. You might become possessed if you handle it without a safety device. {nl}Obtained from Banshees.
Pluplu Arrow
This noise-making arrow can be used to alert caution or send signals to others.
Red Eye of Shtayim
Blue Eye of Echad
Grummer Leaf
A leaf full of smaller needle-like leaves. {nl}Obtained from Grummers.
Sticky Liquid
Latex
Fat
Pokubon Meat
Obtained from Pokubons.
Loxodon Meat
A fatty meat. {nl}Obtained from Loxodons.
Ansur
Veonol
Daer
Penol
Arah
Bushspider Leaf
A flat leaf. {nl}Obtained from Bushspiders.
Gigantic Shinbone
A very large shinbone. {nl}Obtained from Hogma Warriors.
Black Desmodus Tooth
Big Black Griba Bamboo Hat
Egg
A chicken egg often used in cooking.
Oxygen Pocket
Obtained from Codomors.
Groll Tooth
Grolls usually attack with their horns, but sometimes will also use their teeth. {nl}Obtained from Grolls.
Griba Bamboo Hat
Obtained from Red Gribas.
Gribaru Bamboo Hat
Wooden Pile
Obtained from Kowaks.
Rusted Scrap Metal
Useless scrap metal that has rusted. {nl}Obtained from Vubbe Warriors.
Dark Slime Fragment
Ducky Beak
Obtained from Duckys.
Desmodus Tooth
Obtained from Desmoduses.
Denden Petal
Obtained from Dendens.
Doyor Claw
This claw helps Doyors to move faster. {nl}Obtained from Doyors.
Drake Film
Once ripped, it cannot be repaired. {nl}Obtained from Drakes.
Drape Poisoned Needle
Lafsave Leaf
Obtained from Lafsaves.
Rafflesia Poison Extract
Obtained from Black Rafflesias.
Rambear Bones
Ravinelarvae Acid Sap
Obtained from Ravinelarvae.
Rubblem Fragment
It looks like a plain rock. {nl}Obtained from Rubblems.
Rubblem Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monsters. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtained from Rubblems.
Lemur Tail
Lemuria Tail
Lepusbunny Hair
Loxodon Ivory
A very rare material, used often in handicrafts and decorations. {nl}Obtained from Loxodons.
Loxodon Backbones
A very large bone from the back of a beast. {nl}Obtained from Loxodons.
Rubabos Leather
Obtained from Rubaboses.
Lizardman Claw
This bent claw is useful for climbing trees. {nl}Obtained from Lizardmen.
Lizardman Fang
Obtained from Lizardmen.
Leafnut Wing
Obtained from Leafnuts.
Specter Hood
Obtained from Specters.
Medakia Metal Decoration
Engraved with an emblem only seen in the Royal Mausoleum. {nl}Obtained from Medakias.
Medakia Horn
Horn made of stone. {nl}Obtained from Medakia.
Mantiwood Skin
A skin made of wood. {nl}Obtained from Mantiwoods.
Meleech Foreleg
Obtained from Meleeches.
Moglan Meat
Obtained from Moglans.
Moyabu Bones
Obtained from Moyabus.
Minivern Skin
It is strong enough to deflect arrows. {nl}Obtained from Miniverns.
Bavon Feather
Obtained from Bavons.
Varv Skin
Defeating a Varv while keeping its skin intact is a difficult task. {nl}Obtained from Varvs.
Wheel
It rolls. {nl}Obtained from Wheelens.
Banshee Hood
Unbelievably lightweight. {nl}Obtained from Banshees.
Velwriggler Feather
Violet Leaf
Obtained from Rafflies.
Red Vubbe Token
Obtained from Red Vubbe Raiders.
Beeteros Leaf
Obtained from Beeteroses.
Big Griba Bamboo Hat
Obtained from Big Gribas.
Big Cockatrice Beak
Your shield may shatter if you try to block an attack from this. {nl}Obtained from Big Cockatrices.
Desert Chupacabra Skin
Although it is only obtainable in small quantities, it has many uses and purposes. {nl}Obtained from Desert Chupacabras.
Sauga Motor Drive
A mechanism that enables easier control of magical power. {nl}Obtained from Saugas.
Cire Leaf
Sakmoli Stem
Obtained from Sakmolis.
Shardstatue Claw
Resin
A viscous, sticky liquid found inside trees.
Shtayim Fragment
It looks like a plain rock. {nl}Obtained from Shtayims.
Stoulet Heart
Obtained from Stoulets.
Corpse Hand
It smells extremely foul due to its decay. {nl}Obtained from Green Apparitions.
Armori Plate
A black metal that can be processed only at extremely high temperatures. {nl}Obtained from Armori.
Ammon Backbone
Each spine bone has a horn. {nl}Obtained from Ammons.
Glow Spore
Obtained from Red Medewsas.
Ultanun Bones
The anatomy doesn't seem too different from that of birds. {nl}Obtained from Ultanuns.
Ellogua Petal
Obtained from Elloguas.
Ellomago Leaf
Obtained from Ellomagos.
Ellom Bell
Obtained from Elloms.
Ellom Crystal
Infroholder Bones
Obtained from Infroholders.
Nymph Wand Decoration
Obtained from Terra Imps.
Geppetto Leaf
A small, arrowhead shaped leaf. {nl}Obtained from Geppettos.
Shackle
Usually found cuffed to a criminal, but it seems like there are also other uses for it. {nl}Obtained from Dumaros.
Shaman Doll Cotton
Cotton with good heat retention properties. {nl}Obtained from Shaman Dolls.
Green Ellom Bell
Obtained from Green Elloms.
Chupaluka Meat
Karas Fragment
It looks like a plain rock. {nl}Obtained from Karases.
Caro Leaf
A widely bent leaf. {nl}Obtained from Caros.
Kepa Raider Tooth
Obtained from Kepa Raiders.
Corylus Horn
The main horn has smaller horns around it. {nl}Obtained from Coryluses.
Cockatrice Leather
Suitable for crafting armor due to its stiffness. {nl}Obtained from Cockatrices.
Cockatrice Feather
A shiny feather. {nl}Obtained from Cockatrices.
Colimen Flower
Obtained from Colimens.
Colitile Feeler
Obtained from Colitiles.
Cronewt Leather
Obtained from Cronewts.
Chromadog Bones
A very solid, dense bone. {nl}Obtained from Chromadogs.
Tanu Flower
A white flower with fragrant smell. {nl}Obtained from Tanus.
Tama Skin
Unlike other eggs, it has a very thick shell. {nl}Obtained from Tamas.
Tontulia Thorn
A thorn that widely varies in its size. {nl}Obtained from Tontulia.
Tucen Skin
Due to its shininess and stiffness, people often mistake it for metal.
Ticen Bones
Surprisingly, this bone is very elastic. {nl}Obtained from Ticens.
Pipe
Obtained from Hounds.
Pokubon Leather
Pokubon Backbone
Blue Vubbe Fighter Token
Flibo Stem
Obtained from Flibos.
Pino Stem
Not recommended for consumption. {nl}Obtained from Pinos.
Hamming Leaf
High Vubbe Cross Stick
High Vubbe Token
Obtained from High Vubbes.
Hallowventer Hand Bones
More like a weapon than a hand bone. {nl}Obtained from Hallowventers.
Hogma Battle Boss Fang
A lot larger than other Hogma's fangs. {nl}Obtained from Hogma Captains.
Gray Yukopus Leaf
Fallenlem Fragment
Obtained from Fallenlems.
Silver Bar
A bullion made of silver. Clearly worth a lot.
Black Market Seal
White Mucus
Florr
Used for crafting items.
Rough Bones Powder
Tendon
Hardener
Tough Tendon
Resinate
Spell Reservoir
Stone Bullet
A small, round stone.
Chafer Material
Lush Jewel
Might fetch a good price from merchants.
Spell Engineering Engine
Tormented Soul
Obtained from Deathweaver.
Biteregina's Thorn
Obtained from Biteregina.
Cerberus' Canine
Obtained from Cerberus.
Chapparition's Soul Matter
Obtained from Chapparition.
Siela
Obtained from the level 80 mission.
Vejo Boots Leather
Obtained from Colimencia of the Indigo Trees Plateau quest.
Vejo Boots String
Obtained from Merge from the Seventune Mesa quest.
Saphie Chain
A material required for crafting the Saphie Necklace. {nl}Obtained from Poata at Gate Route.
Saphie Stone
A material required for crafting the Saphie Necklace. {nl}Obtained from Rikaus in Spineheart Dale.
Bramble Thorn
A material required for crafting the Saphie Necklace. {nl}Obtained from Bramble in Fallen Worry Forest.
Yonazolem Fragment
Obtained from Yonazolem in Broken Pillar Canyon.
Denoptic Eye
Obtained from Denoptic at Overlong Bridge Valley.
Scorpio Hook
It can be obtained from Scorpios in Stone Pole Platform.
Gem Abrasive Agent
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.
Tomb Lord Chain
Obtained from Tomb Lord at Royal Mausoleum 2F.
Bearkaras Fragment
Obtained from Bearkaras at Royal Mausoleum 4F.
Rexipher's Innocent Evil
Obtained from Rexipher at Royal Mausoleum 5F.
Aging Relic
An old relic found in a well. {nl}Right-click to use.
Charcoal Stone
Ore
Unicorn Bones
Obtained from Unicorn at Remaining Tree Dale.
Reaverpede Leather
Obtained from Reaverpede at Languish Wood Valley.
Devilglove Fragment
Obtained from Devilglove in Crystal Creek.
Moa Feather
Obtained from Moa in Crystal Creek.
Parchment
Luxurious parchment that can be used to write anything. {nl}Purchasable from the Pardoner Master.
Synthetic Stone
A material used for item synthesis.
String Amulet
Magic Amulet
Skull Amulet
Bone Amulet
Crave Amulet
Emoticon: Kepa (Joy)
Add this emoticon to the list.
You can add chat emoticons to quick slots. {nl}Right-click to use.
Emoticon: Kepa (Sadness)
Copper Ore
Iron Ore
A very common ore.
Steel Ore
An ore harder than Iron Ore.
Titanium Ore
A strong, yet light, ore.
Mithril Ore
A shining, silvery ore. Since it contains magic power, it is used for crafting powerful equipment.
Orichalcum Ore
Ithildin Ore
During the kingdom's founding period, it used to be a precious metal that could only be mined with the guidance of the goddess. Nowadays, it is more common.
Annotation
Obtained from Corylus.
Titanium
Amber
Gemstone
Tree sap that crystalized over the course of several years.
Fossilized Lizard Amber
A very rare piece of amber in which a lizard is trapped inside.
Topaz
A yellow gemstone. It is said to contain the power to banish demons.
Opal
A gemstone that shines in various colors.
Garnet
A red colored gemstone similar to ruby but far more common.
Obsidian
A black, opaque gemstone.
Peridot
Green gemstone said to protect the holder from evil spirits.
Zircon
A brown colored gem.
Pyrite
A stone containing the condensed power of flame. {nl}Purchasable from the Pyromancer Master.
Bloodstone
A blood-colored gemstone.{nl}It is said to have healing powers.
Cryorite
A stone infused with the power of frost.
Pyrostone
Pyrite enhanced and processed by magic. The recipe can be purchased from the Item Merchant.
Cryostone
Cryorite enhanced and processed by magic.{nl}The recipe can be purchased from the Item Merchant.
Pyranium
Ore made by fusing the properties of metal into a Pyrostone.
Cryonium
Ore made by fusing the properties of metal into a Cryostone.
Diamond
A colorless, transparent gemstone. Harder than any metal, and very rare even amongst gemstones.
Sapphire
Beautiful blue gemstone. Its price increases relative to its shade of blue.
Book Name
Right-click to read
Lydia Schaffen and the Fletcher
A story of a legendary archer and a legendary arrow maker
Legends of Fedimian Lands
No target is invisible for a trained archer
Advice on the use of tools given by Lydia Schaffen to her apprentices
The challenges faced by Lydia Schaffen and her solutions
Essential Reading for Linkers: Finding The Nexus Point Of All Ego
A research paper on armors used during the rule of King Kadumel
Legends of Klaipedan Lands
Torn Diary (Part 1)
A page from a torn diary written by a local resident. Let's keep reading.
Torn Diary (Part 2)
Torn Diary (Part 3)
Torn Diary (Part 4)
Silver
Common Currency
Royal Kingdom Common Currency
Gold
Premium Currency
Royal Kingdom Upper Currency
Recipe
Right-click to register the Recipe
Contains instructions on how to craft an item. Access the recipe in the crafting menu in Rest Mode.
Skill Scroll
It teleports you to another Goddess Statue. Your current location will be saved.
Orb of Nostalgia
A jewel that instantly teleports you to a saved location. {nl}Cooldown of 15 minutes.
Klaipeda Warpstone
A stone that will transport you to Klaipeda. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 minutes.
Crystal Mine Unsealing Scroll 1
Quest Item
Crystal Mine Unsealing Scroll 2
Bokor Doll
Magic catalyst used by the Bokors. Bokors craft their own Bokor doll for a better spiritual magic effect.
Pyromancer's Old Scroll
An old scroll hidden by the Pyromancer. Illegible hieroglyphs and symbols are written over it.
Messenger Bag
A bag that seems to have belonged to a messenger. Contains a few reports and some food supplies.
Remains of a Soldier
The remains of a soldier killed by a monster. The person is no longer recognizable.
Moss
A patch of moss collected to investigate abnormal phenomena. Much can be discovered from investigating it.
Discolored Grass
Grass which discoloration is presumed to be caused by influence of demons.
Creepy Wood Bark
Creepy, disturbing wood bark that has been altered from its original shape. It is presumed to have changed due to influence of the demons.
Blakk's Report
A report written by Blakk. Contains reconnaissance details of the nearby region.
York's Periodic Report
A report written by York. Contains observations on recent monster activity. Let's take this to Commander Volda.
Vubbe Raider Pouch
Herb pouch carried by Vubbes. Roughly made but effective enough.
Shawlem's Loot Box
Booty gathered by Vubbes. As for the sorting...
Supplies Looted by Vubbes
Supplies looted and gathered by Vubbes. You can see that some of them have been used.
Vubbe Bow
Feather decorations in Vubbes' arrows. Useful for monster research.
Moody's Supplementary Report
Report written by Moody. It details the attacks from monsters.
Diligent Owl Sculpture's wing fragment. It is imbued with holy power.
Wing fragment of the Fearful Owl Sculpture's friend. It became an ordinary piece of wood.
Crystal Sphere
Unpolished gem ore. The gem within the stone is also dull as it hasn't been polished yet.
Vubbe Serum
Serum collected from the blood of Vubbes. Requested of the Commander by Vaidotas.
Crystal
A unequal crystal fragment. A material requested by Vaidotas.
Serum collected from the blood of dead Vubbes.
Native Soldier's Key
A key to release the seal of the Royal Mausoleum.
Royal Mausoleum 2F Lever
Key to Royal Mausoleum 33
Part of the Slab (1)
Part of the Slab (2)
Stonemason Pipoti's Treasure Map
A map showing the location of something. Treasure, maybe?
Varkis' Exploration Journal
Varkis dedicated his life to writing this journal. It is very important to him.
Boulder to be carved into a Memorial Stone
A material to make a memorial to remember the dead people in this area.
Stonemason Tool Kit
A tool kit including a chisel, hammer, rope and more.
Pipoti's Memorial Stone
A memorial for the people who died in this area is engraved here.
Cube of Searching
This device searches for evil spirits by absorbing energy from soldiers.
Old Pillar Sculpture
A small piece of rock that broke off from a stone pillar. Its purpose is not certain, but looks expensive.
Stone Pillar's Surface Powder
Refined powder collected from a stone pillar's surface. Its use is unclear.
Small Stone Piece
A small piece of a stone that was found in the monster's stomach. Seems to be part of a victim's relics.
Scroll of Space Distortion
A spell scroll that opens a distortion in the spatial fabric. Here you can obtain the key that belonged to the Great King.
Great King's Key
A key used for releasing the seal of Great King Zachariel.
Groll's Leather
One of the task requirements by the Hoplite Master. Looks extremely sturdy.
Chafperor's Poison Dart
One of the task requirements by the Hoplite Master. It would be fatal to be stabbed by it.
Jukopus' Black Powder
One of the task requirements by the Hoplite Master. It scatters at the slightest breath.
Ellum's Sticky Sap
Quest item.
Matsum's Flower Stamen
Material required for Psychokino Master's research.
Sticky Potion
A potion made by the Psychokino Master. Contains the stamen of Mersium. Looks a little dangerous.
Material requested by the Linker Master. He said he needed it for some sort of experiement. Wonder what it's for?
Velwriggler Claw
Sapper Master's Hidden Goods
The Sapper Master requested these goods to be returned to their original owner. Did he steal these?
Merog Leather
Leather requested by the Quarrel Shooter Master. Looks like it will be used for armorcrafting.
Boulder for Construction
A giant stone used as a replacement on the Klaipda Castle Wall. Now, how to move this...
Hunter Master's Pouch
Not sure what's inside but it smells foul.
Blue Crystal
The sculpting material that Tesla wanted so badly. Looks extremely hard.
Pot of Fire
A pot that absorbs the essence of fire from nearby monsters.
Goods for Offering
Items to be offered to the Goddess Statue.
Priest Master's Holy Water of Purification
Holy Water used for banishing evil spirits. A very pure water.
Groll Skin
Materials for the Wizard Master's research.
Chafperor's Feeler
Jukopus Core
Data Recording Scroll
Scroll made for researching the paranormal phenomena in Klaipeda.
Holy Water of Cleric Master
Holy Water used for treating patients. It has a regenerative effect.
Holy Water of Priest Master
Holy Water used for treating patients. It has a sterilizing effect.
Holy Water of Krivis Master
Holy Water used for treating patients. It has a revitalizing effect.
Minotaur's Essence
A demonic essence requested by the Psychokino Master. It emanates a sinister evil aura.
Chapparition's Essence
A demonic essence requested by the Psychokino Master. If you stare at it for too long you might be possessed.
Strange Map
This might be a map marked with the location of the Fletcher's Secret Manual. Why would the Quarrel Shooter Master want the Fletcher's...?
Cloth Piece with a Peculiar Scent
A piece of cloth suspected to be from Ebonypawn.
Drake's Flame Accelerant
An accelerant required for the Sapper Master's experiements. It catches on fire quickly.
Sapper Master's Experimental Bomb
A bomb produced by the Sapper Master's bomb for testing.
Cloth Piece with Needlepoint
A piece of cloth probably from the outfit of the Item Merchant's Father. You can feel great effort from the needlepoints.
Box of Food for Stray Cat
A box containing a delicacy liked by the stray cats. Used to catch stray cats. It has a fishy smell.
Sun Essence
Spirit of fire collected into a pot.
Cockatrice Beak
Material requested by the Cryomancer Master as an alternative payment for his teaching fees.
Arma Scale
Material requested by the Cryomancer Master as an alternative payment for his teaching fees. Will this be of any use for a Cryomancer?
Phyracon Fragment
A stiff, hard piece from the inner side of Phyracon. Material requested by the Wizard Master.
Green Drake Scale
A smooth scale found below the rougher outer scale of Drake. Material requested by the Wizard Master.
Scroll made to compare the phenomena in Fedimian and Klaipeda.
Dowsing L-Rod
L-shaped rod used by miners to dowse or divine underground veins of mineral or other anomalies.
You can obtain an object hidden on the 3rd floor.
Sickening Lump
A lump of something that smells terribly foul. You can see a glimpse of a ring-like object inside.
Dry Thorn Forest Wood
A completely dried up twig. It has a lot of tiny thorns.
Monster Specimen
(Temporary) Enlarged Sample
Commander Julian's Order
A detailed tactic is explained alongside the map.
Mersium Sample
Merlog Sample
Merleech Sample
Mersumma Thorn
Thronball Thorn
Cyst leaves
(Temporary) Yellow Cyst Leaves
Infro Holder Horn
Ingredient for crafting the Memory Fragment. It is very thick.
Sunset Flag Forest Reconnaissance Report
Sunset Flag Forest Reconnaissance Report. The scribbles that seems rushed give it an eerie chill.
Water Bottle hidden by the Supply Officer
A water bottle hidden by the Supply Officer.{nl}It smells old and musty.
Kepa Raider Sap
An indispensable material for capturing Gaigalas. It smells musty.
An indispensable material for capturing Gaigalas. It's full of moss.
Sculpture Wing Fragment
Sculpture Wing Piece
Sculpture Pedestal
Sculpture Leg Fragment
Sculpture Leg Piece
Golden Piece
Pieces of gold, a Lichenclop's favorite material. Tediously collected.
Research Aid Supplies
Contains articles to help research such as pens, papers, digging tools and some foodstuffs.
Canyon Metos
Herb used to treat neurological ailments.
Royal Mausoleum Research Report
File containing research data on the Royal Mausoleum.
File containing research data on the Royal Mausoleum. It's been ripped apart.
Jonas' Record
Lifetime research recordings by Jonas.
Piece of Record on Mysterious Pattern (2)
Medicine for Jonas
Dabio obtained this medicine for Jonas. Very effective in treating senility.
Absorption Circle Scroll
Replenishes your HP when a monster is defeated within the magic circle
Crystal Mine Purification Crystal
Explosive to open up a Secret Passage
Explosive to block the Vubbe Raiders' Secret Passage
Woodsman Fragment
A fragment of the Woodsman that sometimes wiggles creepily.
Scatt's Report
A report on suspicious activities written by Scatt, member of the joint investigation team.
Scroll of Soul Collection
A scroll that allows you to collect spirits. Only usable on certain monsters.
Spirit of the Red Vubbe Shooter
An orb that has a Red Vubbe Shooter's spirit sealed within.
Upper Piece of Sculpture
Owl Sculpture's upper piece. Restoration is, unfortunately, infeasible.
Lower Piece of Sculpture
Lower piece of the Owl Sculpture. The shape is barely recognizable.
Pedestal piece of the Owl Sculpture. It's about to break in half.
Oil
A special oil to burn the Owl Sculpture which has unfortunately been shattered.
Wheat Box
A wheat box containing a small number of grains. The box has been ripped apart.
Dumbleball Pouch
A pouch full of strange pills. These  fills Vubbes with courage but cause diarrhea in humans.
Astral Tower Lens
A telescope lens used at the Astral Tower.
Bat Venom Sample
Poison sample from bats.
Strangely Engraved Stone
A stone carried by the Hogmas. It attracts monsters.
Hogma Amulet
Friedka believes that this amulet is the key to the ruin's secrets.
Lindt's Supplies
Supplies of the unit which Lindt is a part of. A Wendigo ran away with it.
Canyon Apynys
A herb with a decent painkiller effect.
Spiritual Stone
This stone is said to attract Saugas. Could it be true?
Relic Fragment
A fragment of a relic swallowed by Denoptic. A monster that feeds on stone, how curious.
Payment
A pouch of coins meant for payment. Grave Robber Kujang asked you to deliver this to Grave Robber Bushobell.
Shining Gold Article
Treasure that belonged to human victims and was hoarded by the monster.
Loose Package
Broken Necklace from Thorn Forest
Bushobell's Bundle
Soldier's Belongings
Belongings from a soldier, stolen by a Leafbug. Looks like it's been stolen many times since then.
Piece of Vubbe Cloth
A ripped cloth piece from Vubbe. It's from the dirty waist area.
Weaver Claw
If you gather enough of these, they may have a use.
Relief Goods
Goods used as a provision for emergencies in Miners' Village.
Reinforcement Stone
Stone required to reinforce the Crystal Mine's exterior walls. Collect them before the wall crumbles.
Stinging Stick
A stick used to expel Sequoia. It has a few holy spirits.
Piece of Wood with Holy Spirit
Ingredient for a tool that chases away road-blocking Sequoia. You can feel the faint holy power.
Spirit crystals from Owl Sculptures that have been swallowed by monsters.
Spirit Essence
Warrior's Essence. It is very necessary to give Sequoia the very best bit.
Blue Soul Stone
The first soul stone. It harbors the strong grudge of a corrupt individual.
Red Soul Stone
The second soul stone. It harbors the strong grudge of a corrupt individual.
Evil Soul Stone
The third soul stone. It harbors the strong grudge of a corrupt individual.
Spirit-Leading Owl's Sign
A sign that the Angry Owl Sculpture had.
Spiritual Stick
This stick was made by upgrading a Stinging Stick. It is capable of subduing Sequoia.
The larvae of Meduja are eating away at the memories of life. They're sparkly.
Lost Luggage
The luggage of a dead merchant. His spirit is obsessed with it.
Torn Spell Scroll
A scroll of protection. It seems the scholar's spirit was vanquished before using it.
Copy of the Pilgrim Monument
A rubbed copy of the monument that the female explorer was looking for.
Burned Branch
The branch that was burned when the Sequoia made a disturbance.
Cursed Stick
This stick was made by upgrading a Spiritual Stick. It holds the grudges of the Owl Sculptures.
Keepsake from dead soldiers killed by monsters. It seems that the keepsake can comfort the soldiers' victimized souls.
Butterfly Scent
This smell reminds me of my hometown. I miss my home.
Abnormally Scented Ridimed Leaf.
Abnormally smelling juices are oozing from it.
Purified Urn
Quest item.
Completed Monster Decoy
A monster decoy used to complete the last mission of dead soldiers.
Test Decoy
Test it on a monster to confirm that it is working.
Legs of Solid Wood
A Bushspider's leg that has been taken off.
Rustling Skin
Old Kepa skin. Powder falls off it when shaken.
Needed to make the decoy more convincing. Will this decoy work well?
Dead Soldier's Body
Corpses of Johan's squad. Treat them well.
Supplies
Supply Bag
Portable supplies to be sent first to Danyus' squad.
Puragi's Hook
A hook that soldier Roy has to collect. He can return to his troops as soon as he collects it.
Nagging Owl's Soul
Bloodstained Report Page
The contents are illegible.
Hamming Stem
A material used to fix the wagon. Cut from the the hard part of the stem of a Hamming.
Tini Fluid
Fluid secreted from Tini's gland. Touching it will sting you.
Smelly Herbicide
Herbicide made from the fluid of a Tini. You can remove thornbushes with it.
Reinforcements Request
Training Certificates
A certificate awarded to soldiers who have safely completed their training.
Plantain Grass
Collection of only soft parts of Plantain Grass. It tastes bitter when chewed.
Tini Meat
This meat is definitely the right choice for growing one's strength.
Empty Potion Bottle
Empty potion bottle stolen by a Vubbe. It sparkles as if it has been vigorously cleaned.
Beetle's Shell
Soul Remains
Sacred Force Sculpture
Gateway Key
A pouch that a Vubbe has been keeping to spread evil spirits.
Krivis Relic
A precious relic that the Krivis keep with them to symbolize their faithfulness.
Stone Orca Heart
An item that proves one's ability to the Sword Master. It's the heart of Stone Orca.
Torn Bat Wings
Green Ointment
A Vubbe ointment that is used to treat their injured. It's not possible to use it as is.
Royal Mausoleum Guardian Power Source
A power source used by Guardians for movement.
Royal Mausoleum's Magic Source
The source of the magic that encircles the Royal Mausoleum.
Broken Slate of the Royal Mausoleum
A slate that ordered the Guardians to attack evil things. They are attacking everyone because it is broken.
Burning Stone
A stone that lights stone lanterns. Although it is burning, it isn't very hot.
Activation Stone
Overusing the inhibitor can cause it to overheat and break.
Blazing Magic Source
A magic source that shows the locations of the Royal Mausoleum's Guardians.
Wheelen's Mark
A mark of Wheelens. Collecting them gives the power to defeat enemies.
Brother's Diary
A diary that Coben asked you to find.
Cockatrice Fat
Fat mass from a Cockatrice.
Highly Condensed Cockatrice Fat.
Hallowventer Charcoal
Charcoal found from Hallowventers.
Strong Magical Power Absorption Jar
If you set up this jar, it will absorb magical power from around you.
Dust Sample
Could be a cause of the disease.
Big Cockatrice Tail
The tail of a diseased Big Cockatrice.
Grita's Absorbing Gem
A gem that absorbs a monster's life force. It absorbs the life force of monsters defeated near it.
Unseal Scroll
A scroll required to solve the seal of King Zachariel. It is the first seal.
Canyon Bomb Flower
An ingredient to make a Crystal Gem.
Oil-Stained Fuse
Flame Source
Any monster that uses fire abilities has a source. It is used to make Flame Gems.
Flame Searching Stick
Makes finding fire easy but how Grita got it is a mystery.
Pino Catching Sack.
Research Material
Research material stolen by monsters. It seems that monsters like to steal such documents.
Pino in a Sack
Dry Twigs
Useful dry twigs for fire.
Hard Lime
Hard lime be used to make Knockoff Goods.
Newly-Made Forgeries
Decicive evidence of Knockoff Goods. It isn't finished yet.
Building Piece
Piece of a building with beautiful pattern on it. It seems that the architect put a lot of work into making it.
Bag with Graverobbing Equipment
There are various tools inside, like a dowsing rod to check for underground tombs.
Loot Bag
The Saugas store their loot in bags. They share their loot equally.
Archaeologist Token
A very ancient looking token of an archaeologist.
Woodfung Poison
The highly toxic poison of a Woodfung. It releases this poison into the air when frightened.
Bucket
Valley Bomb (Disposable)
Increases your attack speed and movement speed while attacking. {nl} Also speeds up cast time and lowers cooldowns. {nl} {#ff0000} Caution: Taking this more than 3 times a day, may cause insomnia{nl}, headache, or indigestion symptoms. {/}
Canyon Bomb
Monster Head
Monster Corpse
A sack holding a monster's head
Monster Trunk
A sack holding a monster's trunk
Monster Hand
A sack holding a monster's hand
Lizardman Blood
Cockatrice Blood
Lizardman Blood is used in experiments conducted by necromancers.
Soul Jar
A soul jar given by the necromancer Drasyus. It will inhale monsters who are on the verge of death.
First Clue of the Great King
A clue to undo the seal at the entrance of Mausoleum.
Second Clue of the Great King
Third Clue of the Great King
Fourth Clue of the Great King
Fifth Clue of the Great King
Chipped Sword
A sword with a piece missing from it.
Corpse Relics
These relics might help identify the dead bodies.
Sword Piece
This piece fits into the Chipped Sword.
Wood
Wood picked from the wood pile by Cahill.
Strong Flying Frog Leather
This is used for various leather products.
Moses Diesel's Letter
A letter containing the heart of Mose Diesel.
Moses Diesel's Crutches
Mose Diesel made these crutches for the village youngster Cahill
Shiny Tree Sap
The first material Ahylas Jonas requested to undo the seal.
Collected Canyon Amalas
Seal Release Crystal
A crystal needed to release the seals in Broken Pillar Canyon
Lost Research Document
Research materials that the new researcher lost. Some of the papers were crumpled when they were stepped on.
Map marking the Great King's Inheritance
Could someone eventually find out the location of the Great King Zachariel's inheritance?
An antidote that can counteract a Scorpion's poison. Let's get this to Dezic.
Condensed Magic Source
It seems it will explode if it is touched. Be careful.
Hogma Tooth
A Hogma's tooth used to scratch out something on the slate.
Infroburk Meat
Meat gotten by slaying Infroburk. It looks tough.
Stubby Tree Trunk
This trunk looks like that of a normal tree.
Remains of Tree Ambulo
It seems to use as a firewood.
Broken Tombstone Fragment
Lydia Schaffen's tombstone piece regained from Cemetery Golems and Guri.
Piece of Lydia Schaffen's Broken Tombstone
A piece of a broken tombstone found from a Sea Turtle. You have to put the pieces of tombstone together to see whose it is.
Restored Tombstone of Lydia Schaffen
Finally restored the tombstone. What is in there?
Destroyed Tombstone Fragment
A piece of Flurry's tombstone that a Tama picked up and ate.
Villager's Bag
Bag filled with odds and ends
Black Coal Powder
A magical black powder made from coal that makes ink stick clearly onto parchment.
Eternal Ember
A material needed to open the sealed manual. Doesn't go out no matter how much you try.
Piece of the Holy Ark
The Holy Ark for holding souls has been broken. Will collecting its pieces be enough?
Small Monster Crystal
A monster's Small Crystal that the Suspicious Chair asked you to collect. To call it a crystal is a stretch, though.
Sealed Stone's Voice
The voice of the soul sealed within the Sealed Stone. You can hear a faint whisper from it.
Crystal of Restriction
A crystal infused with magic to prevent the sealed soul from escaping.
Variation Mediator
The Variation Mediator substance that the Variation Magician Furry Odd asked you to collect.
Hardened Black Crystal
A crystal that has been carelessly burnt.
Flame Charm
A burning charm. Because it was in a monster's stomach, it is wet and smells bad.
Silver Dye for Magical Tattoo
Silver dye used for Simon Shaw's tattoo. It is relatively easy to get.
Cordelier's Parchment
Parchment Cordelier gave you. Although coal powder has been used, it is hard to see the letters because the parchment has darkened.
Fallenlem Core
Contains a power source that moves the Fallenlem. Grita, who can't use magic, needs it.
Flame Crystal
Needed to stabilize the Flame Gem.
Bagworm's Body Fluid
Material needed to make a Bokor doll.
Thornball's Stem
Follower's Memo
A method for removing thorny vines is written on the paper.
Match
An ember to burn the thorny vines.
Acid Solution
A strong acid solution that can melt through thorn vines.
Magic Crystal
A crystal needed to remove thorn vines by holy power. It needs charging and refining to be used.
Thornball Remains
Thornball Wreckage burns well, even in rain.
Some fluid with a sour smell that oozed out from a toenail.
Horrible-Smelling Body Fluid
A useful fluid for flushing out the mini Griba that has become a parasite on Greepelli's hair.
Adele's Ring
Adele treasures this ring. Let's get it back to Adele.
Truffle's Poisonous Mushroom
A poisonous mushroom from Truffle. Most people think it's a horn.
A strong acidic solution that can melt through thorn stems.
Operor's Stinger
An Operor's saliva that has the power to purify corrupted magical crystals.
Refined Magic Crystal
A completely purified magical crystal. It can remove the thorn vines blocking the path.
Coliflower Sap
Highly volatile sap. Essential for burning away wet thorn vines.
Stimulants
A medicine effective in restoring one's mind.
Power Crystal
A crystal of power gotten from defeating Corylus. It is used to make a crystal of light.
Magical Enchantment Crystal
A crystal filled with enough energy to activate the underground enchantment.
Operation Map
Visual plans, where you can see the goal area for the operation. It is in the middle.
Thorn Pollen
Pollen used to exorcise evil spirits.
Lever Handle Latch
A latch used to tie down the handle of the cable car's lever.
Gear
A metal part shaped like a wheel that monsters had stolen. It is clearly a part of the cable car.
Plateau Sugar Beets
Sweet tasting Plateau specialty sugar beets. Young animals love them.
Cable Car Parts
Parts acquired from around the broken cable car
Thorn Pollen Stimulant
Good medicine for when the atmosphere becomes contaminated and hazy.
Blue Fragaras Petal
A Fragaras' resin is an effective exorcising material.
Ritualistic Rope
A ceremonial rope carried by a Panto Shaman
Enchanted Mane
A mane taken from the nape of a defeated Mushcaria
Divine Sphere
A legendary holy sphere used to defeat Gesti. Seems like it's not the right time to use this.
A legendary holy sphere used to defeat Gesti. It needs to be recharged before it can be used.
A legendary holy sphere used to defeat Gesti. It's ready to be used.
Purification Voodoo Doll Summon Scroll
A catalyst containing a Voodoo Doll. Activates the Voodoo Doll when used.
Igniter
An igniter found in a beacon mound.
Counterfeit Goods
Counterfeit goods passed to you from Kevin. They're not finished.
Divine Crystal
Lowers the strength of monsters when used on them.
Destroyed Altar Fragment
A piece broken off from the altar on the second floor of the Cathedral
Lesser Potion of Light
When used, you become invisible to demons for 10 seconds. The effect disappears if you attack or take damage.
Lesser Bead of the Divine Spirit
When used, a Divine Spirit appears and provokes nearby demons.
Revelator's Proof
An index describing how to obtain the Legendary Key from the West Barrier.
Seal of Space
A special key for finding revelations and hidden places.
Merog Spittle
It creates an awakening effect if it is mixed with Thorn Flower Powder Stimulant.
Enhanced Thorn Flower Stimulant
It has a better effect than the Thorn Flower Powder.
Thorn Flower Fluid
It has an awakening effect if mixed with a Merog's spit.
Slime's Body Liquid
Material requested by the Elementalist Master to prove your qualification.
Hallowventer Bone Piece
Graveyard Golem Activation Core
Dew Recepticle
A vessel to hold water enchanted with spiritual power.
Flimsy Charm
Altar Base Material.
An enemy that dies with this charm attached to it, is supposed to be under our control... It seems kind of shabby.
Soul Pot
A pot filled with the magical energy that flows through the Royal Mausoleum.
Black Maize Venom
Ingredient necessary to redecorate the Obelisk. It has a high level of acidity.
Paralysis Powder
Paralysis Powder that can stun the Black Maize in Rhombuspaving Dale.
White Oak Sap
Ingredient necessary for the paint used in painting inscriptions onto the Obelisk. It's black in color.
Dye Coating
Ingredient necessary to redecorate the Obelisk. It's very sticky.
Paladin Scroll
A scroll used to mark the divine symbol of a Paladin onto demons
Shrine Offering Tools
The sacred energies of the Shrine still infuse them.
Confinement Key
A key to release the restraint ward tied by Goddess Saule
Nikotia Herbs
A great herb requested by the Cleric Master.
Goddess Offering Pocket
An offering pocket that clerics use to worship the Goddess Statue.
Balm
A balm used to repair Goddess Statue. It has an unusual, but gentle scent.
Boss Decision
Hardened Oil
It has a pronounced effect.
Peltasta Shield
A shield requested of the Fletcher Master from the Peltasta Master.
Dock Permit
A necessary permit needed for a ship to enter the port.
Navigator's Chart
A necessary map for sailing. It describes the ocean currents and wind directions.
Contract
What kind of contract is this?
Whetstone Bag
A bag that can hold a lot of whetstones.
Moya Body Fluid Sample
A body fluid sample extracted from a Moya.
Intermediate Arrow Sample
An arrow sample created by the Fletcher Master. It has good balance.
Sounding Wood
Wood that the Fletcher Master is looking for. It produces a fine timbre when knocked on.
Grime-Encrusted Tree
There is a clear sound coming from one of these trees. Let's knock on the tree and investigate.
Simple Tube
A simple tube that can shoot a neruotoxin dart.
Synthetic Poison
A special poison made from a Stoulet's bodily fluids. It only reacts with the neurotoxin dart used with the Simple Tube.
Phalanx Tactics
An easy tactic made for beginner Centurions, it is nonetheless difficult to remember without practice.
Flare
A flare mainly used by Scouts. Used to find hidden monsters.
Stone Rubbing
A rubbing of Lydia Schaffen requested by the Quarrel Shooter Master for testing.
Heavily Cursed Jewel
A jewel suffering from a very powerful curse. It seems to be continuously calling to someone.
Mothstem's Fire Jar
Jar of fire obtained from  Mostems. Mostems treasure them.
Blue Fisherman Bones
Blue Fisherman Bones. It too small to hold.
Lepusbunny's Guts
Feels terrible
Harpeia's Beak
The beak of a Harpeia. It is very sharp.
Smoke Grenade
Used to easily escape from enemies during a crisis. Bang!
Orb of Provocation
An orb very useful for taunting enemies
Lasso
A rope with a noose attached to it. Used for throwing and tying up enemies.
Sapper Master's Introduction Letter
Letter of introduction that Sapper Master wrote to the Highlander Master
Highlander Master's Proof
Confirmation from the Highlander Master that you accomplished all of the necessary requirements for advancement.
Tanu's Purifying Stone
Crystal with Tanu's ability to purify
Skill Item
Use skill item
Canyon Metos Sap
Liquid extracted from Gorge Metoses. It is used as an ingredient in medicine used for alleviating mental illness symptoms.
Relic Memorandum
Kepeck's record of relics transcribed verbatim. Only the shape and size of the relics are recorded.
Memorial Rubbings
Rubbings requested by the epigraphist Smith
A torn letter found from a dead body. Let's find a place to place the relics.
Zubeck's Secret Moves
A scroll describing the secret moves of the legendary thief, Zubeck. Grants 1 Stat Point when used.
Jewel of Prominence
Gem containing an aura of fire. It will be helpful to the Goddess Gabija.
Languid Herb
A herb that makes one feel languid
Strongly Scented Soul Flower
A flower with a powerful fragrance. There is a rumor that souls inhabit this flower.
Useful Bomb
Explosives made to prevent monsters from advancing into Andale Village.
Languid Herb Bomb
The chemical essence of the Languid Herb has been concentrated for use in this bomb.
Sparnas Bait
A bait used to attract Sparnas. It made by lumping together old grains.
Simple Supplies
Supplies requested by the supplier to be delivered to the Danus unit.
Scot's First Report
A report of the forgotten Naru's development records.
Supply Pouch
A pouch of supplies looted by Vubbes. Let's take these to Yukurt to investigate the odd behaviour of the Vubbes.
Ducky Fat
Fat that reeks with a Ducky's scent.
Toolbox
Full of tools used to repair the scarecrow.
Death Marker
A marker found from Chapparition. The voices of the killed innocents echo from it.
A necklace that a ghost asked you to take to his younger brother. A modest pendant is attached to it.
A bag full of money. What was the Reaper doing with this?
Messenger's Note
A messenger's hastily scribbled note. It describes a great threat.
Ancient Writings
There are verses on it to appease the souls of those who died while researching the Royal Mausoleum.
Wizard's Torn Page
A page torn from a book. It looks like the author is Shaman Show.
Mark of a Pilgrim
A pilgrim's mark swallowed by a monster. The owner is nowhere to be found.
Great Cathedral Marble Parts
Marble Parts found attached to the monsters in the Cathedral.
Storyteller's Book
A book that Koven hid in a box.
Secret Box Key
Koven gave you this key, saying it opened a locked box.{nl}Let's look for this box.
Simple Item
Requested Item
Practice Wood Carving Scraps
The practice wood carving is completely broken.
Intermediate Item_1
Intermediate Item_2
Fixed Practice Wood Carving
The broken practice wood carving has fixed. It has been reinforced to be more durable.
Hardened Tree Log
Log required to fix the practice wood carving.
Rope
Rope required to fix the scarecrow.
Memory Fragment
An orb necessary to complete the spell that wakes the Sleeping Owls to defeat Gaigalas.
An unstable Divine Sphere. It cannot be used in its current state.
Huge Fang
A huge fang obtained from the Minotaur at the Deserted Market
Natural Agate Stone
Parts needed for a new trap devised by the Sapper Master.
Flammable Stone
The stone demanded by the Fletcher Master for his teachings.
Legwyn Family Decoration
A trinket belonging to the old Legwyn family.
An ingredient of a drug required to cure the patient.
Holy Relic
A holy relic used by Krivises as a symbol of their faith. Lost in the city by someone.
Stone Whale Essence
An essence filled with the resentment of many souls.
Dense Hardwood
Material requested by Sculptor Tesla
Lepus Claws
The claws requested by the Monk Master as proof of your oath.
Lost Indulgence Offering
Offering envelope embossed with the Pardoner's Crest
Mali Seeds
Mali seeds obtained from killing Malis.
Destroyer Shaman Doll Summon Scroll
A scroll to summon a Destructive Shaman Doll
Destroyed Barrier Piece
Part of a broken enchantment used to protect Mazas' nest. Can it be restored?
Mallardu Fat
A material that is needed to wake up the Nepenthes. It doesn't catch fire in its current state.
Combustible Fat
The fat of a Mallardu that has been prepared to burn well. Use it to wake up the Nepenthes.
Spiritually Enchanted Sap
It must be gathered from the Nepenthes while it's alive for it to have any effect.
Insect Secretion
Secretion that can be used to attract Biteregina
Old Talisman
An enemy killed with this charm attached to them will join your side!
First revelation found from the Crystal Mine
Eye of Madness
Rodelin's eye. It is said to be able to erase an enemy's senses.
Vicious Essence
An ingredient necessary to make the Holy Bomb. It must be purified before it can be used.
Purified Essence
An ingredient necessary to make the Holy Bomb. The purified result of Wicked Essence.
Romuva Holy Water
When consumed it will prevent demons from detecting your presence!
Holy Bomb
A bomb blessed with holy power. It can defeat Glizardon in a single blow.
Holy Stone
Scroll given by the Security Guard
Once the scroll is used, one can distinguish which Hogmas are wearing necklaces.
Shabby-Looking Necklace
On the back "To ...oved Rukl..s, Lydia." is visible.
Small Demon's Skirt Hem
A skirt hem obtained by defeating Pawndel and Pawnd. An ingredient needed to make the Demon Transform Scroll.
Pawnd's Soul
A demon's soul collected in order to identify demon monsters.
Soul of Pawndel
Corylus' Soul
Bucket
Bucket used to hold water. Seems like a rope can be tied to it.
Long Rope
A very long rope. Seems like something can be tied to it.
Demon Transform Scroll
Use this scroll to transform to Pawndel or Pawnd.
Light Crystal
A Power Crystal processed and filled with the strength of light. It can release the enchantment that binds the sealed Cathedral doors.
Muddy Necklace
Old and muddy necklace dropped by someone long ago.
Vubbe's Wooden Arrow
Wooden arrow used by High Vubbe Archers. It might be useful for kindling.
Ingredient necessary to make the Crude Divining Rod used to search for the First Tombstone Fragment. You need to collect a lot of them.
Crude Divining Rod
A divining rod used to search for the First Tombstone Fragment which has been hidden somewhere underground. Looks weak enough to be broken by even the slightest amount of force.
Dusty Fragment
A rubble that the epigraphist Raymond ordered you to collect with the suspicion that it might contain a part of the Second Tombstone. A Second Tombstone Fragment may or may not be in here...
Stumpy Tree Sap
The sap of a stumpy tree requested by general goods merchant Edang. Its powerful medical properties have made it a highly valued commodity.
Sap Collector
A tool used to collect the sap of a Treearmblow
First Tombstone Fragment
The first part of the lost Ruklys monument
Second Tombstone Fragment
The second part of the lost Ruklys monument
Carbonized Tombstone Fragment
The third part of the lost Ruklys monument
Fourth Tombstone Fragment
The fourth part of the lost Ruklys monument
Ruins Fragment
The Fifth Tombstone Fragment is mixed into this pile of debris.
Restored Tombstone Frgment
A finished part of the lost Ruklys monument
There are illegible words written on it.
The second revelation found from the Tenet Church
Tombstone Fragments Package
A package that the treasure hunter Edang asked you to deliver to the epigraphist Raymond
Ruklys Memorial Piece
A fragment prepared so epigraphist Smith can easily restore it.
First Rubbing
A rubbing of the First Lydia Schaffen Monument
Second Rubbing
A rubbing of the Second Lydia Schaffen Monument
Third Rubbing
A rubbing of the Third Lydia Schaffen Monument
Fourth Rubbing
A rubbing of the Fourth Lydia Schaffen Monument
Fifth Rubbing
A rubbing of the Fifth Lydia Schaffen Monument
Arrow Bundle
An Arrow Bundle that Hunter Talas requested to be fire hardened in order to be used against Infroburks.
Experimental Ingredients
Experimental materials requested by necromancer Drashus. Take it to Drashus.
Waterweed
Waterweed that grows in the Clearawl Brook. Drashus uses it when summoning powerful spirits.
Lizardman Mind Control Stone
If you defeat a Lizardman after using this stone, it will follow you.
Infroburk Mind Control Stone
If you defeat a Infrobuck after using this stone, it will follow you.
Rubbing Tool
A tool given to you by Hunter Talas to make rubbings of the Lydia Schaffen Monmuments.
Fire Hardened Arrowhead
An arrowhead hardened by fire to be used against Infrobucks.
Long-Branched Tree Charcoal
Charcoal obtained from defeating the Long Arm Tree. Touching it leaves a black stain.
Soi Bomb
A bomb that can light the Long-Branched Tree on fire.
Revelation that Bramble had. It's unreadable - let's take it to Goddess Saule.
Guardian Awakening Device
It is said to be able to wake the sleeping Boowook.
Zolem Magic Stone
A Zolem's Magic Stone needed to lure a Unicorn
Unicorn Horn
A trophy taken from a defeated Unicorn. Let's take it to Fedimian Army Officer.
Empty Beehive
A beehive that has had all its honey sucked out of it, leaving the beeswax.
Cork Stopper
A cork stopper that was sealing the oil barrel.
Brewing Tools
Tools used for brewing
Royal Jelly
A highly nutritious royal jelly!
Monster's Claw (Temporary)
The claws of a monster that only appears in the Square of Lament in the Petrified City.
Petrification Stolen Goods
Goods stolen by the Dico Thieves operating in the Square of Lament.{nl}They have been exposed to the Petrifying Frost to make them look as if they were from the Petrified City.
Cryptically Engraved Bottle
A water bottle engraved with a code in order to find Grave Robber Benjaminas hiding in the midst of guards at the Square of Lament in the Petrified City.
Very Old Map
A map that looks ancient. It looks like it will crumble.
Fragrant Stone Powder
Obtained from monsters at the Square of Lament in the Petrified City.
Monster Meat *
Chunks of Meat that can easily be obtained from Monsters. But humans can not eat it.
Tender Reed Stems
Inner stems of reeds commonly seen on Starving Demon's Way. It is too tough to eat raw even if the outer stem is removed.
Soft Wooden Periderm
The inner layer of bark dug out from a tree on Starving Demon's Way. Don't eat too much of it.
Small Music Box
An item exchanged between lovers as a symbol of their love. A cute music box that fits into a small pouch.
Monster Meat
Meat peeled off during the hunting of monsters. The terrible smell alone makes it hard to eat.
Asellu Leaf Bud
The leaf bud of an Asellu grown on the Starving Demon's Way. It has many practical uses in crafting and in medicine.
Food Scraps
Unidentifiable food scraps. Can be used as monster bait. When a monster comes into sight, you can throw it by pressing the V key.
Tree Root Crystal's Energy Source
The energy source of a Tree Root Crystal that can remove the pollutant sprayed on Tree Root Crystals.
Soul Reagent
Reagent to distinguish the monster that killed pilgrims at the scattered stairs.
Nameless Flower *
Altar Flower Offering
Bouquet *
A collection of flowers on the altar devoted to appease the angry spirits.
Pilgrim's Lost Scripture Page
A sheet of the Pilgrim's Scripture.
Pilgrim's Scripture
A scripture that is necessary for all pilgrims.
Condensed Rage of the Pilgrims that the Fire Rod had.
Purple Tree Fault Forest Sanctum Map
A map that shows all the sanctums of the Purple Tree Fault Forest. Right-click to open the map.{nl}Please return it to the recovery box for the next pilgrim passing through the woods.{nl}Location of recovery box: On the corner to Pretense Intersection.
Holy water obtained from the Priest Master to purify the polluted sanctums in Purple Tree Fault Forest.
Grey Gypsum Fragment
Gesso said to be used when repairing malfunctioning Goddess Statues in the Purple Tree Fault Forest.
Reed Leaf Dew
Water said to be used when tempering the gesso.
Naktis' Sign
Marks left by Naktis in monsters to command them.(Temporary)
Pure Water
Pure Water flowing within a small part of Fault Forest.
Leather Pouch
A leather pouch used to store water
Reed Flowers *
Reed flowers picked from reeds in Purple Tree Fault Forest.
Purifier
A purifier that the Pardoner Master sells. It is used when the sacred property of something is sullied. It's very expensive, though.
Tombstone Dew
Dew gathered from a tombstone early in the morning. One might have qualms against it, but it can be drunk.
Lantern
A lantern that lights one's surroundings.
Medicine
A medicine created by Pilgrim Theophilis. He claims it will ward off curses.
Monster Skin
The skin of a monster that Theophilis will need to create a medicine.
Small Portrait
A small, portable portrait with someone's face drawn on it.
Mother's Handkerchief
A handkerchief given to a son leaving on a pilgrimage from his loving mother.
Sap
Sap obtained from trees cut at the Pretense Intersection.
Jar
A jar used to store sap or water.
Succubus' Eyes
The eyes of the Succubus with the [Necklace of Greed - Stamina] lodged in it. Theophilis can probably extract the necklace if we take it to him.
Pattern Stone (High)
The upper part of the stone with the drawn sacred pattern.
Pattern Stone (Medium)
The middle part of the stone with the drawn sacred pattern.
Pattern Stone (Low)
The lower part of the stone with the drawn sacred pattern.
Sweet Honeycomb Piece
A fragment of a honeycomb that emits a strong, sweet scent.
Bichiu Altar's Magic Piece
An unidentified fragment of a magic stone that was placed on the altar.
Beehive Piece
A piece of honeycomb that is sweet to the tongue.
The crystal of a spirit filled with a holy aura.
Complete Scripture
A scripture containing the power of sacred texts.
Spirit's Scripture
Scriptures containing a bishop's soul. It is able to call up the bishop at any time.
Relic of Mercy
A teardrop-shaped jewel. Required to find Maven's key.
Relic of Salvation
A round jewel. Required to find Maven's key.
Maven's First Key
Guard's Keepsake
Relics of the guards that have been petrified by the Petrifying Frost in the Deserted Market of the Petrified City.
Bag of Farming Tools
Backpack filled with tools necessary to start a farm.
Bee Tree Branch
A branch of a bee tree containing the power of the Goddess Austeja.
Incinerated Demon Ash
The ashes of a demon incinerated by Goddess Austeja's power.
Orb of Residue
An orb that can destroy demon seals and barriers
Oak Stem
Scarecrow Building Materials
Material for fabricating Scarecrows
Wood that can be placed on the land to resemble a scarecrow.
Stolen Grain Bag
Vomited after the monster died; a half-digested mass of dough.
The third revelation found in the Thorn Forest.
The fourth revelation found in the Royal Mausoleum.
It cannot be read yet. Take it to Saule for interpretation.
Rubbing Tool for Petrified Objects
A tool used to make a rubbing of the petrified book found on Ruklys Street.
Time Magnifier
Tool used to find out the past disaster of Ruklys Street
Talisman (temporary)
Talisman attached by an unknown pilgrim to seal the power of the Tree Root Crystal.
Austeja's Fragmented Symbol
Austeja's Symbol related to the altar.
Austeja's Symbol
A symbol containing Goddess Austeja's power, it has the ability to block demonic powers.
Merchant Item Parcel
Lost luggage of the Spring Light Woods merchant
Bee Honey Jelly
A sweet-smelling jelly that can bring the Spring Flower out from hiding.
Spring Light Grass
Mysterious grass that arises from the ground when it smells honey.
Maven's Second Key
Maven's Third Key
Maven's Fourth Key
Maven's Fifth Key
Broken Key Fragment
Priest's Studies
Documents related to the research of the curse of Naktis.
Research Results
Priest's lost belongings
Medicine
Experimental Medicine
Drugged Meat
Meat
Recipe
Recipes written to turn into monsters
Naktis' Servant's Cloth Scrap
Material needed to make drugs to disguise as Naktis
Medicine that can turn you into a monster
Old Key
A key retrieved from a servant of Naktis.
Sacrificial Lean Monster Meat
Monster meat for use in the Sanctuary. Because it's a lean part of the meat, it doesn't smell that much.
Cleric Master's Symbol of Faith
A crest that can find monsters that have eaten the Sanctuary's insignia. It's a symbol of the Cleric Master's faith.
Tough Leather
The tough leather of a monster. Its toughness makes it watertight.
Tough Leather Pouch
A pouch made from a monster's Tough Leather
Water-Filled Leather Pouch
A monster's Tough Leather Pouch that has been filled with water.
An old and rusted key.
The sixth revelation found in the Great Cathedral.
Doucments related to Naktis
Documents related to the story of Naktis and the demons.
Body of Priest
Body of Bishop
Tasty Candy Ball
A tasty candy ball made for the workers at the Petrified City in Kaliss.
Guard's Memento
A memento of a guard who died to the Petrifying Frost.
Elixir Ingredient
An ingredient requested by Bokor Edita in order to call forth spirits.
Liberation Elixir
An elixer that, when used on petrified people, summons their spirits.
Petrification Thawing Liquid
When used on a monster that is being petrified, it thaws them out.
Petrified Sample
A petrified sample of a monster in the process of being petrified.
Record from the Ruklys Era
A comparatively well-reserved record from the Ruklys Era.
Vacuum Scroll
A scroll that contains powerful magic that blocks all sound. Use it on Gargoyle.
Flame Spirit Jewel
A jewel that holds an unstable flame spirit.
Mine Compass
A mysterious compass that guides you on repairing the purifiers.
Purifier Cooling Parts
1F Entrance Purifier Parts
Purifier Operating Parts
Purifier Pipe Parts
1F Central Purifier Parts
Passage Purifier Parts
1F Passage Purifier Parts
Selection Item
An item that shows you possible choices.
Mine Lubricant
Lubricant for machineries in the mine
Torn-out Purifier Pipe
A part of Crystal Mine 2F's Main Purifier that was broken by monsters.
Main Purifier Parts
Parts of Crystal Mine 2F's Main Purifier that was broken by the Stone Whale.
Gaudeji Altar's Magic Piece
Masterpiece Mead
Honey liqueur that shows the craftsmanship of the brewer.
Absorption Scroll
A magic scroll that can absorb weak Petrifying Frost.
Petrified Flower
A flower turned to stone by being exposed to the Petrifying Frost at the Square of Lament in the Petrified City. Said to be sold at extravagant prices elsewhere.
Lesser Ice Wall Scroll
Casts Ice Wall when used.
Sparkling Stone
Inside it might contain a Silk Token!
Stolen Supplies
Military supplies stolen from the Royal Army's guards by Dico Doguldan.
Petrified Cargo Rubbings
Rubbing of the petrified book on Ruklys Street
Knight Supplies
Supplies Officer Hans gave you, requesting you to remove the smell of monsters.
Smelly Supplies
Supply covered with monster's odor. It smells terrible.
Lime Powder
Lime powder for repairing the Guard Tower.
High-Density Time Bomb
A powerful bomb can cause a big disturbance
Kneaded Slime
A sticky liquid that can attach even heavy items to anything.
A dangerous bomb that will explode soon after being thrown.
Boulder Explosives
Bomb with a high power output. It is extremely loud.
Central Propaganda
Advertisement fliers distributed by the Royal Army
Frosty Core
Research on the Petrifying Frost requested by the Knights of Kaliss.
Recruitment Notice
A lengthy advertisement noting the Kingdom's honor and pride.
Priest's Research
Research collected by a priest.
Dumaro's Hind Leg
The part of a Dumaro that has the most meat.
Leather Front Plate
Formine Armor parts
Leafy Shoulder
Leather Back Plate
Leather Chest Protector
Strong Roots
The strong roots of a Large Red Kepa.
Kepa Teeth
Red Kepa Teeth
Jukopus Leather
Jukopus of Leather
Vubbe Thief Leather
Leather of Vubbe Thief
Key obtained from Yonazolem. Seems to fit a treasure chest of some sort.
Moss
Moss that has attached to the back of the monster. It is dirty but dry.
Scripture
A scripture that anyone calling themselves a pilgrim of the Great Cathedral would carry with them.
Test Soul Reagent
Reagent for soul testing that Graschius gave you. The key is to secretly spray it without drawing the monster's attention.
Cold Monster Fluid
Cold fluid that can be obtained from monsters on rare occasions.
Theophilis' Bag
A bag with Theophilis' tools in it.
Portrait Fragment
A piece of paper swallowed by a monster. It looks like someone's portrait.
Empty Frame
Soldier's Memento
The relics of soldiers who died protecting the Miners' Village.
Miners' Village Food
Food that the Vubbes plundered in the Miners' Village. Some of it has been eaten.
Wooden boards to be used to craft a Wooden Buckler.
Shield parts needed to convince the Peltasta to join your side.
Priest's Research Notes
Scriptural Relic
Orb of Divine Detection
Sample
Great Cathedral Goods
Priest's Experiments Results
Graceful Relic
Sandwich Bread
Sandwich Cheese
Sandwich Meat
Spoon
Salad
Salad Set
Soup Set
Sandwich
Soup
Obtained from Colimencia of the Kobalt Forest quest.
Obtained from Merge of the Septyni Valley quest.
An ingredient to make the Saphie Necklace. Obtained from Rikaus in Sirdgela Forest.
An ingredient to make the Saphie Necklace. Obtained from Bramble in Kvailas Forest.
Obtained from Yonazolem in Ramstis Ridge.
Obtained from Scorpio in Akmens Ridge.
Obtained from Unicorn in Escanciu Village.
Obtained from Reaverpede in Escanciu Village.
Obtained from Devilglove in the Fedimian Suburbs.
Obtained from Moa in the Fedimian Suburbs.
An empty flask capable of holding liquids. Sold by the Alchemist Master.
Calcite
A catalyst that promotes magical reactions. Frequently used by Alchemists.
Repair Kit
Contains tools to repair weapons. Sold by the Squire Master.
Glizardon Leather
Galok Canine
Black Egnome Powder
Tough Glizardon Leather
Galok Fur
Material required for the Sapper Master's expermients. It burns easily.
Hogma Shaman's Canine
Hogma Warden's Canine
A crystal needed to release the seals in Ramstis Ridge
Pawndel Soul Crystal
Pawnd Mind Crystal
A map that shows all of Sirdgela Forest. There are marks interspersed across the map.
Hogma Shaman's Blood
Material requested by Elementalist Master to prove your qualification
Hogma Warden's Blood
Hogma Battle Boss' Blood
Paralysis powder that can stun the Black Maize in the Vieta Gorge
Whistling Wood
Fisherman's Fishing Rod
A fishing rod made from a Fisherman's prized wood, from which you can hear a whistling sound. Check it out by breaking it open.
Blue Pawndel Bones
Black Pawnd's Entrails
Report recording the strange phenomena in Paupys Crossing
Giant canine obtained from the Minotaurus of Roxona Marketplace
Well-Burnable Firestone
A stone that the Fletcher Master requested in exchange for his teaching.
Netherbovine's Sharp Fangs
A canine that the Monk Master requested as proof of your commitment.
Monster's toenail that can only be found from the petrified city of Verkti Square.
The goods stolen by the Dico Thieves in the petrified city of Verkti Square. In order to make these like the Verkti Square goods, they have been exposed to the Petrifying Frost.
A water bottle engraved with a password to find the Grave Robber Benjaminas hidden among the guards of the petrified city of Verkti Square.
A fragrant stone powder obtained from monsters in the petrified city of Verkti Square.
Chunk of Monster Meat
Young Leaf
Tender leaves of wild herbs commonly seen on Starving Demon's Way. They are edible, but do not seem to be appetizing for humans.
Tree Root Crystal Core
A reagent used to identify the monsters that killed pilgrims on Altar Way.
A map that shows all the sanctums of Purple Tree Fault Forest. Right-click to open the map.{nl}Please return it to the recovery box for the next pilgrim passing through the Forest of Prayer.{nl}Location of the recovery box: On the corner to Apsimesti Crossroads.
Holy water gained from the Priest Master to purify the corrupted sanctum in the Forest of Prayer.
Plaster powder used to repair the broken Goddess Statue in the Forest of Prayer.
Water from a small stream flowing in the Forest of Prayer.
Reed flower cut from reeds in the Forest of Prayer.
Reed Sap Crystal
A crystal that solidified from the sap that the parasitic Tree Ambulo sucked out of reeds.
Small Portrait
Mother's Handkerchief
Sap obtained from the cut trees at the Apsimesti Crossroad.
Top of the stone carved with the Divine Tree.
Middle of the stone carved with the Divine Tree.
Bottom of the stone carved with the Divine Tree.
Beehive Fragment
The first key of Mayburn. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
Keepsake of a guard who was petrified by the frost in the petrified city of Roxona Marketplace.
Tended Wood
Farmland Wood
Wood of the appropriate length and width to make a scarecrow. It will make an amazing scarecrow.
Condensed Cursed Energy
Cursed energy that has been condensed. Spat out from a monster as it died.
A symbol originally decorating the Austeja altar. It was broken during the monsters' attack.
Dulke's Package
A package that the merchant Dulke lost. It contains sundry goods.
The second key of Mayburn. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
The third key of Mayburn. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
The fourth key of Mayburn. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
The fifth key of Mayburn. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
Symbol of Spiritual Power
Symbol than can supply magic energy to the Karuna Altar. The magical energies of the altar have discharged over the long years.
Turbid Solvent
A cloudy liquid with something trapped in it. Is it really a solvent?
Daram's Newly Developed Reagent
He claims that taking this will give the user resistance against wicked energies... Let's test it out on monsters.
Moon Thistle
A herb needed to treat Naktis' curse.
Meat stuffed full of medicine that cures gluttony's curse. It must be force fed to cursed pilgrims.
Raw meat dripping with blood.
Demonic Research: Transformation
A very old document that outlines how to transform into a demon.
A material needed to make a Demon Transform Scroll. A lot is needed.
A scroll that allows the user to transform into a demon at any time. The type of demon depends on the materials used to make it, however.
Demon Lord of Curses, Naktis
Literature regarding curses and the Demon Lord who controls them. It covers Naktis in depth.
Dorjen's Signature Mead
Material requested by the Peltasta Master
A stone flower that was exposed to the Petrifying Frost in the petrified city of Verkti Square. It's supposedly very expensive outside the city.
Monster Secretion Gland
Monster Secretion Glands of Blut's followers.
Hauberk's Thick Mane
A part of Hauberk's body extorted by his followers when they betrayed him.
Marbles used by Kupole Norgaile to interrogate demons.
Sleeping Hauberk's Seal Fragment
A portion of the torn soul of the Demon Lord Hauberk.
Evening Star Key
A crystal blessed with spatial powers by Goddess Vakarine for Kupole Zydrone. It has been modified by Zydrone so that humans can use it.
Hauberk's Soul Fragment
A jewel made by Hauberk to give a portion of his power to his servants.
Night Star Spectral Orb
A Spectral Orb made by Kupole Daiva to survey demons. This can be used to find Hauberk in hiding.
Evening Star Rune
A rune blessed by Goddess Vakarine. The rune absorbs the souls of demons.
Mark of Condemned Criminals
The mark of condemned criminals given to vicious monsters in Demon Prison.
Hauberk's Seal Fragment
The fragment of a seal containing Hauberk's soul.
Kupole Necklace
A necklace that was in the possession of the Kupoles.
Trace of Transference
A crystal of the power given to demons as they passed through the dimensional crack.
Empty Soul
An empty given by Goddess Vakarine to restore Dionys.
Personal Keepsake
A keepsake of people that have been ruthlessly slain after entering the Demon Prison.
Mark of Star
A crystal of Dionys' magic separated from the now frenzied Dionys.
Claws embedded in demons when Dionys attacked them.
Demon Teeth
Obtained by dealing with demons in Demon Prison District 4 by Kupole Sigita's request.
Formine Armor parts. The part that protects the front of one's chest.
Formine Armor parts. It protects one's shoulders.
Formine Armor parts. It is used to pad one's back.
Formine Armor parts. The part that wraps around one's waist.
Kindling
Kindling that was carried by monsters. The wood was dried out more than usual and is useful for maintaining a fire.
A rare, cold body fluid that can be found from monsters. Use it to cool the altar.
Theophilis' Bag
Picture Fragment
Empty Frame
Fedimian Suburbs Warp Scroll
A warp scroll that allows you to quickly return to the Pardoner Master at Crystal Brook. Please note that it is only usable when there is trouble at the Sanctum, so hoarding these scrolls is meaningless.
Strong Rope
A strong rope obtained from a monster. It is useful to tie something.
Hardtack that someone hid in some grass.
Scorpio Venom
Venom extracted from Scorpio.
Sweet Herb
Leaves of the Sweet Herb. Useful when eaten with bitter medicines.
Nutritious Tonic
A nutritious tonic made by diluting the Baron's concentrate with Scorpio venom.
Brand New Rice Cake
A rice cake from Marius.
Spoiled Rice Cake
Pieces of a spoiled rice cake.
Fresh Rice Cake
A rice cake that is still fresh.
Well-Grown White Radish
A fully grown white radish freshly picked from the fields. It looks healthy, without blemish.
Roughly Chopped Wood
Low quality wood torn from wagons or boxes strewn across the farm. May be able to weave it into something useful.
Shaman Doll from the Baron
A shaman doll said to have been given by the Baron to Arunas. It is said that burning this in a magic circle will remove the strange aura.
First Empty bottle
An empty bottle from the Wizard Apprentice. Useful in various ways.
Bottle filled with Monster Energy
A bottle filled with the energy of a monster.
Yellow Ellom's Evil Energy
A bottle that is 1/3 full with a Yellow Ellom's evil energy
A bottle that is 2/3 full with a Yellow Ellom's evil energy
A bottle filled with a Yellow Ellom's evil energy
Keposeed's Evil Energy
A bottle that is 1/3 full with a Keposeed's evil energy
A bottle that is 2/3 full with a Keposeed's evil energy
A bottle filled with a Keposeed's evil energy
Second Empty Bottle
Poison Bottle
A bottle filled with poison gathered from monsters given by Wizard Apprentice Limas.
Small Stone Statue's Head
The head of a small stone statue.
Small Stone Statue's Upper Body
The upper body of a small stone statue.
Small Stone Statue's Lower Body
The lower body of a small stone statue.
Small Stone Statue's Wings
The wings of a small stone statue.
Blunt Wooden Piece
A blunt piece of wood that used to be the head of a wooden hammer
Wooden Rod Piece
A wooden rod that used to be part of the shaft of a wooden hammer
Wooden Hammer ??
A wooden hammer that is used to open kegs. Poorly made, it is not very durable.
Sticky Liquid
Sticky liquid that monsters spit out as they died. May be useful as an adhesive thanks to the high viscosity.
Seeds of Something
The seeds of something obtained from monsters.
Bitter Drink
A bitter drink. It is extremely bitter.
Wooden Stick
A wooden stick cut from nearby fences.
Stone
Hard stone obtained from monsters.
Monster's Poison Jar.
Full Poison Jar
A jar full of a monster's poison.
Plow ??
Plow
Hoe ??
Hoe
Spade ??
Spade
Pickaxe ??
Pickaxe
Rake ??
Rake
Horacius' Handwritten Recommendation
A handwritten recommendation from Horacius. Used to persuade suspicious farmers.
Uprooted Dandelion
A perfectly uprooted dandelion. The roots and leaves are used as food and medicine. Getting rid of the bitterness is key.
Monster Meat
Fresh meat taken from monsters
Perfectly Dried Jerky ??
A chewy beef jerky properly dried with a dryer.
Hard stone obtained from monsters. It is said to be able to break seals.
Seed Bag
A seed bag stolen by monsters.
Lump of Meat
Lump of Meat from an unknown source.
A list of signatures of people agreeing to revolt.
Small Statue ??
A small goddess statue put together from parts found in various locations.
Coarse Bark
A Tipio's Skin that's needed to recruit the Peltasta's assistance.
Priest Yosana's Research
A research report written by Priest Yosana. It contains research on the types of curses.
Priest Roana's Research
A research report written by Priest Roana. It contains research on how curses are made.
Priest Prosit's Research
A research report written by Priest Prosit. It contains research on the effects of curses.
A relic that was once treasured by the Church has, unfortunately, been discarded across the Cathedral.
An orb that can detect holy power. It can help the user find the Graceful Relic.
Colifly Wing
A Demon sample needed to reveal the secret of curses
Loftlem Core
Priest Yosana's Research Data
A research report on curses written by Priest Yosana. He said it disappeared in the blink of an eye.
Scroll of Purification
It can cleanse demonic fluids with the holy aura of the Cathedral. Try using it on Demons.
A holy relic treasured by the Church. It conceals itself when it detects evil energies.
A curse that is constantly spreading. It can't be destroyed in the usual way.
Durable wood suitable for making a scarecrow and a fence.
Mysterious Dagger
A dagger that embitters the beholder's disposition.
Pink Chupaluka Fur
A monster used for making a scarecrow
Ellom Leaves
Leaves on Ellum's head. Elly needs them.
Second Corrupted Soil Sample
A soil sample collected from around the Farmer's Cabin. It is severely corrupted.
First Corrupted Soil Sample
A soil sample collected from around the Abandoned Workshop. It is severely corrupted.
Tanu's Body Fluids
Fluids extracted from organs of Tanu. Used in the purification rituals of the Druids.
Sapling Branch
A branch taken from the mysterious sapling. It seems to retain some of the power it had as the sapling.
Mysterious Small Box
Small Box found from the soil in the ground. The lock seems to be loose.
Miren's Old Bag
A dirty bag. Miren's name  is embroidered on the inside.
Leafnut Egg
Leafnut Egg. It is assumed that it is useful as a material in Alchemy.
Parasitic Eggs
Parasitic Eggs monster from the grape vine roots. Very nasty.
Golden Grapes
An unripe grape that still has a green tinge.
Drake Horn Piece
A piece of a horn obtained from the body of the Drake. Give it to the private officer as evidence.
Stolen Grain Bag
A stolen bag of grain that the soldiers at Shaton Farm took as a bribe.
Druid's Antidote
Druid's special Antidote to neutralize the poison of grapes.
Obedience Stick
A wooden branch containing Druidic powers. It is said that it can subdue monsters.
Druid's Empty Stone Bowl
Special Stone Bowl that Druid's primarily use for rituals. It is currently empty.
Water-Filled Stone Bowl
Special Stone Bowl that Druids primarily use for rituals. It is filled with water.
Louis' Seed Bags
Louis' important seed bags that have been brought up secretly to avoid the soldiers.
Bloody Necklace
Gold Necklace with an engraved sentence that symbolizes the membership of the Shaton Family. There are traces of blood spatter.
Stinger of Lauzinute
Tail stinger to prove the defeat of Lauzinute.
Valen's Medicine Bag
Medicine bag that the Butler Valen ordered from Klaipeda. It contains the drug to cure an internal disease.
Beeteross Leaf
Leaves that used to be on Beeteros' head. They seem to be convenient to use.
Black Ridimed Sap
Monster sample requested by Researcher Gareth
Tough Orange Sakmoli Stem
Pink Chupaluka Heart
Pyromancer's Requested Monster Sample
Pyromancer's Research Material
Frenzy Antidote
Magic Circle Inscribed Leather
Fragment from when you destroyed the altar.
Hunter Master's Detox Solvent
Ridimed Leaf
An ingredient to make an antidote
Mysterious Poison
Poison which came out of an unidentified dagger.
A scarecrow created by Louise
Monster Suppression Device
Apparatus for suppressing plant growth.
Small Plant Control Device
A plant control device given to you by Researcher Gareth.
Antidote Recipe
An atidote recipe written by the Hunter Master.
Black Ridimed Essence
Vermilion Sharkmolly Essence
Free Dungeon test item
Armband I
Old Gladius
Crude Falchion
Crude Kaskara
Old Shamshir
Old Scimitar
Old Kaskara
Superior Gladius
Superior Falchion
Superior Cinquedea
Superior Sabre
Superior Shamshir
Old Colossus
Superior Flamberge
Superior Nodachi
Superior Claymore
Old Short Rod
Crude Long Rod
Crude Cane Rover
Old Puter Rod
Old Owl Rod
Old Cane Rover
Superior Short Rod
Superior Long Rod
Superior Cane
Superior Crook
Superior Puter Rod
Old Light Bow
Crude Short Bow
Crude Longbow
Old Rokas Bow
Old Gorithos
Old Long Bow
Superior Light Bow
Superior Short Bow
Superior Composite Bow
Superior Self Bow
Superior Rokas Bow
Crude Light Crossbow
Crude Crossbow
Old Oak Crossbow
Old Seal Crossbow
Superior Light Crossbow
Superior Dokyu
Superior Quarrel Bow
Superior Oak Crossbow
Superior Crossbow
Old Wooden Club
Crude Mace
Old Goedendag
Old Warpick
Old Mace
Superior Wooden Club
Superior Iron Club
Superior Morning Star
Superior Maul
Superior Goedendag
Battle Maul
Old Wooden Buckler
Old Wooden Kite shield
Superior Kite Shield
Superior Short Spear
Superior Espontoon
Crude Wooden Staff
Crude Oak Staff
Superior Wooden Staff
Superior Staff
Superior Ju Staff
Superior Ubuko Staff
Superior Steel Staff
Superior Square Staff
Revolver
Snaphance
Long Pistol
Grima Gloves
Unfinished tooltip.
Grima Boots
Forest Gloves
Forest Boots
Superior Scale Gloves
Superior Scale Boots
Superior Scale Leggings
Superior Scale Mail
Regal Gloves
Regal Boots
Old Hard Leather Gloves
Old Hard Leather Boots
Old Hard Leather Pants
Old Hard Leather Armor
Old Chain Gloves
Old Chain Boots
Old Chain Pants
Old Chainmail
Old Steel Chain Gloves
Old Steel Chain Boots
Old Steel Chain Pants
Old Steel Chainmail
Superior Quilted Pants
Superior Quilted Armor
Superior Regal Gloves
Superior Regal Boots
Superior Regal Pants
Superior Regal Robe
Superior Brigandine Gloves
Superior Brigandine Boots
Superior Brigandine Pants
Superior Brigandine Armor
Full Plate Gauntlets
Full Plate Greaves
Full Plate Leggings
Full Plate Armor
Fedimian Gloves
Fedimian Boots
Fedimian Pants
Fedimian Robe
Fedimian Leather Gloves
Fedimian Leather Boots
Fedimian Leather Pants
Fedimian Leather Armor
Fedimian Gauntlets
Fedimian Greaves
Fedimian Leggings
Fedimian Armor
Magician Gloves
Magician Boots
Magician Pants
Magician Robe
Hunting Gloves
Hunting Boots
Hunting Pants
Hunting Armor
Guard Gauntlets
Guard Greaves
Guard Leggings
Guard Armor
Mage Gloves
Mage Boots
Mage Pants
Mage Robe
Skirmisher Gloves
Skirmisher Boots
Skirmisher Pants
Skirmisher Tunic
Infantry Gauntlets
Infantry Greaves
Infantry Leggings
Infantry Armor
Archmage Gloves
Archmage Boots
Archmage Pants
Archmage Robe
Superior Skirmisher Gloves
Superior Skirmisher Boots
Superior Skirmisher Pants
Superior Skirmisher Tunic
Superior Infantry Gauntlets
Superior Infantry Greaves
Superior Infantry Leggings
Superior Infantry Armor
Librarian Gloves
Librarian Boots
Librarian Pants
Librarian Robe
Veteran Gloves
Veteran Boots
Veteran Pants
Veteran Tunic
Knight Gauntlets
Knight Greaves
Knight Leggings
Knight Armor
Superior Grima Gloves
Superior Grima Boots
Superior Grima Pants
Superior Grima Robe
Magnus Gloves
Magnus Boots
Magnus Robe
Superior Boots
Ronesa's Wooden Necklace
Ronesa's Iron Necklace
Ronesa's Steel Necklace
Ronesa's Talisman
Ronesa's Klaipeda Chain
Ritual Necklace
Superior Ritual Necklace
Key Pendant
Superior Key Pendant
Sage Necklace
Light Ronesa's Bangle
Superior Ronesa's Bangle
Ronesa's Ring Bracelet
Ronesa's Noble Bracelet
Superior Bangle of Health
Superior Magical Bangle
Superior Bangle of Accuracy
Light Superior Bangle
Ronesa's Klaipeda Bracelet
Superior Bangle
Gem Bracelet
Pearl Bracelet
Superior Pearl Bracelet
Superior Rune Bracelet
Star Bracelet
Cataphract Costume
GM Costume
Necklace of the Five Sins Collection
A collection of five necklaces. Each necklace is inscribed with one of the five topics of a pilgrim's path. Made by Maven, the founder of the Great Cathedral. You can add it through the Magic Association NPC's Collection window with right-click.
Old Kepa Shell
Ridimed Stem
Meduja Tentacle
Bite Stinger
Griba Stem
Meleech Shell
Slick Sap
Treegool Stem
Cronewt Bones
Hoglan Beak
Ducky Leather
Kepa Wing
Kepo Skin
Kepo Fluff
Rondo Shell
Kodomor Thorn
Lomor Leaf
Red Plate
Moya Fragment
Colifly Stamen
Loftlem Debris
Infro Blood Stem
Chupaluka Fur
Pilgrim Dallas' Corpse
Faded Starlight Crystal
A crystal that shines with starlight. What it reveals is a mystery.
Star Stone Crystal
A small piece of the Star Stone. Reacts with other pieces of the Star Stone.
Medeina's Necromantic Bead
Beads used by Kupole Medeina when interrogating demons.
Explosives
Dungeon Item
A explosive used by workers during the construction of the Fortress of the Land. Highly flammable.
Flask of the King's Voice
It's rumored that the king's voice can be heard from the barracks of the Royal Mausoleum Guard.
Hastily Prepared Bread
A warm loaf of Snack bread received from Marus.
Rotten Bread
Rotten Snack Bread
Fresh Bread
A loaf of snack bread that is still fresh.
Magic doll that Rimas gave to Arunas. It removes unusual energies when burned in a magic circle.
Wooden Stick
Wood sticks cut from nearby fences. Expected to be made into Wood Poles.
Monster Leather
Leather obtained from monsters. It is used as a material to various weapons.
Uprooted Niole
A perfectly uprooted Niole. The roots and leaves are used as food and medicine. Getting rid of the bitterness is key.
Orange Dandel Wing Piece
Orange Dandel Wing piece. Since it's not particularly useful as firewood, let us keep the fire put.
Magic Control Crystal Fragment
It can surpress magic when set up in areas where there is strong magic.
Red Crystal
A crystal that guides the user to mystical places.
Superior Mallet
Sprinkler
Vuvuzela
Snow Flower Spray
Metal Detector
Dumbbell
Bubble Wrap
Air Purification Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to clear the gas of 2nd Mine Lot.
Growth Enhancement Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to speed growth.
Fortune Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to find more money.
Life Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to restore HP.
Composure Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to restore MP.
Swiftness Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to increase your movement speed.
Ground Crystal Powder
Powder gained by grinding a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to detect hidden monsters in 2nd Mine Lot.
Red Resonance Crystal
Crystal gained by processing a Crystal Fragment. {nl}It can be used to resonate with the special crystal of 2nd Mine Lot's 2nd Gallery.
Blue Resonance Crystal
Yellow Resonance Crystal
Dispeller
Anti-Magic
Barbed Arrow
There are barbed. Adds an on-hit effect.
Crystal Fragment
A crystal fragment that can be obtained from Lot 2 in the Crystal Mine. It is possible to obtain a special crystal when collecting a large amount of these.
Divine Machine Arrow
An arrow with an explosive payload.
Magic Arrow
These arrows contain magical powers.
An experimental bomb created by the Sapper Master.{nl}The throw distance can be controlled by holding down the key.
Sharp Canine
An orb that can destroy demonic enchantments. You can gather energy by using it around Austeja's Altar.
Hauberk's Mark
It's a mark of proof from Hauberk that he handed out to his men.
Nuaele's Fragment
Fragment of Nuaele that was used to dominate demons monsters.
Expedition Memento
Expedition Memento of the ones who were brutally murdered by the demons.
Opaque Purification Liquid
A bottle given to you by Wizard Rimas, who claims it contains the purified strength of monsters.
Sticky Sap
Sack of Grain
Grain pouch retrieved from monsters. Some of it has been eaten.
Wooden Rod
Wooden Rod cut from nearby fences. There are plans to make it into a weapon.
Soft Leather
Pot that can collect the poison of monsters.
A plow for ploughing fields. It has a keen blade.
A spade for clearing weeds. It has a sharp point.
Farm equipment for making furrows. It has a sharp point.
Farm equipment for removing stones. It is well made.
Farm equipment for separating fields. It has a lot of sharp points.
Fresh Meat
Magic Stone of Blessing
Orange Dandel Wingpiece
Wing of an Orange Dandel. Seems flammable.
Varkis' Research Materials (1)
Varkis' Research Material
Varkis' Research Materials (2)
Varkis' Research Materials (3)
Varkis' Research Materials (4)
Lizardman Toenail
Sharp claws of the Lizardmen. Elly needs them.
Tama Body Fluid
Tama Body Fluids. Used in the purification rituals of the Druids.
A small chest found with the sapling. It doesn't seem to be locked.
Tama Leaf
Old Leaves stuck on top of the Shell of Tama. They seem to be intertwined with the shell.
Young Grapevine Root
Young Grapevine Roots dug under the grape vines.
Stumpy Tree Horn Fragment
A horn fragment obtained from the Stumpy Tree. Give it to the private officer as evidence.
Stone Bowl containing a lot of water. The unique aura seems to attract monsters.
Pink Tree Root Mole's Snout
A snout horn that proves that the Tree Root Mole has been killed.
Tag Bow
Accuracy Crossbow
Toy Hammer
Grand Spontoon
Dagger (Pierce)
Superior Knife
Superior Dirk Dagger
Superior Main Gauche
Pistol (Shot)
Cotton Gloves
Cotton Boots
Cotton Pants
Cotton Robe
Don't test this armor's Magic Defense by intentionally getting hit.
Watcher Gloves
Equipment used by watchmen.
Watcher Boots
Watcher Pants
Watcher Tunic
Pied Piper Costume
Watering Can
Detector
5kg Dumbbell
When you pop the bubbles, you feel better.
Defeated Flag
A mushroom with a hint of a woody scent.
White Bread
A soft, white bread. It tastes better if jam is spread on it.
Lettuce
A vegetable with a crunchy texture.
Milk
Fresh and refreshing milk.
Infrorocktor Shell
A sturdy shell with a hexagonal pattern on it. {nl}Obtained from Infrorocktors.
Yekubite Antennae
A thin, pointy feeler. {nl}Obtained from Yekubites.
Infroburk Shell
It is thin, but capable of withstanding tremendous pressure. {nl}Obtained from Infroburks.
Red Infrorocktor Shell
An angular, hardened shell. {nl}Obtained from Red Infrorocktors.
Obtained from Black Desmoduses.
Phlogistone
A mysterious stone with the power of fire. {nl}Purchasable from the Fletcher Master.
Infrorocktor Bones
The bones of an Infrorocktor are just as sturdy as the shell. {nl}Obtained from Infrorocktors.
Yekubite Teeth
Teeth that developed to grind meat. {nl}Obtained from Yekubites.
Yekubite Crystal
A crystal that only grows on the tail of Yekubite, it grows in size as the monster ages. {nl}Obtained from Yekubites.
Infro Holder Bones
Obtained from Infro Holders.
Venom
A bottle of venom that can be used to make a powerful poison. {nl}Purchasable from the Wugushi Master.
Camping Tools
It contains tools necessary for camping. {nl}Purchasable from the Squire Master.
Gunpowder
A black powder used to make explosives. {nl}Purchasable from the Fletcher Master.
Ashrong Stem
Yellow Yognome Core
Yellow Egnome Core
Yellow Gorgon Golem Core
Moyabu Horn
Lemuria Leather
Crocoman Bones
Socket Shell
Mole Claw
Mole Claw
Luxordon Leather
Lizardman Bones
Tama Leaf
Short Timber
Cyst Needle
Melatinun Heart
Gribaru Drop
Siaulamb Fur Leaf
Pendinmire Mask
Rabbee Fur
Honeybean Stinger
Fan Leaf
Honeymeli Stinger
Siaulamb Mask
Big Siaulamb Sinew
Blood Eyeball
Moyabu Crystal
Crocman Leather
Tripede Thorn
Red Infrorocktor Core
The power source that moves the Red Infro Rockter. Grita, who can't use magic, needs it.
Lump of Kowak Meat
A lump of meat easily obtained from Kowak. Unfit for human consumption.
A leafbud found commonly on the wild grasses of Starving Demon's Way. Edible, but not very tasty.
Kepari Flesh
A piece of a Kepari's flesh torn off while hunting. The disgusting smell make it impossible to eat.
An energy source sprinkled by the Tree Root Crystal. These need to be collected to remove the contamination.
Reveals monsters that killed Pilgrims with the Curse of Rage when sprayed on them.
Unnamed Flower
A flower to be offered on the altar to soothe angry souls.
Forest of Prayer Sanctum Map
A map that shows all the blessed sanctums in the Forest of Prayer.{nl}Right-click to open the map. Please return the map when you are done exploring the Forest of Prayer for the other pilgrims. {nl}Return Location: Road to Apsimesti Crossroads
Water for cleaning plaster powder off theafter repairing the Goddess Statue. It is very clean.
An imprint that Naktis placed on monsters as a way to control them.
Water from a small brook in the Forest of Prayer. It looks potable.
Reed Flower
Lantern
Amulet
Fresh Meat
Meat for feeding the breeding hawks. Hawks like it.
Blut's Mark
A mark containing Blut's power. He seems to have distributed them to his underling demons.
A mark given by the Demon Lord Hauberk to his servants as a sign of their loyalty.
Necromantic Orb of Arune
An orb that Kupole Arune used to interrogate Demons. Hauberk's aid is needed.
A crystal blessed with spatial powers by Goddess Vakarine. It has been modified by Zydrone so that humans can use it.
A spectrum sphere created by Kupole Daiva to keep watch on demons. It can be used to find the hiding Hauberk.
A rune containing the Goddess Vakarine's power. It absorbs the souls of Demons.
Sealing Token
A sign of sealing that the Kupoles put on the vicious demons in the Demon Prison.
A sealed fragment of Hauberk's shredded soul.
A fragment that Nuaele planted in the demons to ensure their obedience.
Traces left by Demons that passed through the dimensional crack.
An empty soul needed to restore Dionys as quickly as possible.
A trinket left by adventurers who entered the Demon Prison. It seems they were killed by demons.
A token fragment dropped from the Lada Seal. Evidence that Dionys spread riots after he lost his ego.
A claw found stuck in a demon. It looks like it was attacked by Dionys.
Kupole Sigita says that other Demons will take this tooth as a warning.
The tough root of a Red Large Kepa. An ingredient needed for the abdominal section of a front plate.
A Red Kepa tooth that can be used to make a shoulder guard.
The leather of a Jukopus. It can be used to make the abdominal section of a back plate.
Vubbe Robber leather that is needed to make a chest protector.
A bag containing a variety of alchemical tools.
A picture frame swallowed by a monster. There is evidence that something was put in here before.
A scroll that warps the user to the Pardoner Master in the Crystal Brook. It can only be used when the Sanctuary is in danger, so hoarding them is pointless.
Hardtack that was hidden in a grass pile by someone. There is dirt on it.
Venom collected from Scorpio.{nl}Is it really an ingredient for an energy drink?
The leaf of a sweet herb. When chewed while taking a bitter medicine, it covers the taste with its sweetness.
Timber that looks usable as firewood. Burn it in a pile in the magic circle.
An empty bottle given to you by Wizard Limas. A common glass bottle.
Ellum's Evil Aura
A bottle one third of the way filled with the evil aura of an Ellum. It must be fully filled.
A bottle two thirds of the way filled with the evil aura of an Ellum. It is nearly full.
A bottle fully filled with the evil aura of an Ellum.
A bottle one third of the way filled with the evil aura of a Keposeed. It must be fully filled.
A bottle two thirds of the way filled with the evil aura of a Keposeed. It is nearly full.
The head of a small statue. What kind of statue could it be?
The torso of a small statue. Its hands are clasped together.
The lower half of a small statue. It is hard to identify due to its fragmentation.
The wings of a small statue. The wings don't seem avian.
Wooden Hammer
Mucus that a monster spat out. Seems like it would make a good adhesive base.
A bitter drink that imbues its consumer with strength.
Leather obtained from monsters. It can be used to create a variety of weapons.
A jar used to collect the poisons of various monsters. It looks very old.
Sickle
Rake(Unused)
A letter written by Horatius for borrowing the farming tool.
A Neolle pulled out to its rots. The root and leaf are used for consumption.
Thoroughly Dried Jerky
A magic stone made by Yonas. They say it can be used to destroy the magic circle.
A seed pouch stolen by monsters. There are nibble marks on it.
An unidentifiable lump of meat. Smells fishy.
A small Goddess Statue restored by refusing its lost, scattered fragments piece by piece.
Wizard's Urn
Dry Firewood
Thoroughly dried firewood.
Well-seasoned timber that would make a strong fence.
A dagger which was placed on top of a piece of leather carved with a magic circle. Something about it feels ominous.
A Lizardman's sharp claw. The mysterious saplings react to it.
Body fluid extracted from an Orange Tama. It's used in the Druid's purification ceremony.
A small box found with seedlings. It's full of seeds.
Tama Remains
The remains of a Tama from when it died. It is needed by a researcher.
The root of a grape vine requested by Researcher Monahan. It looks healthy, unlike its stem.
The horn of a Stumpy Tree Sheep. The manager of the farm said he must have it.
An antidote that can heal the poisoned farmers. Get it to them as soon as possible.
A special stone bowl used during the Druid's ritual.
A stone bowl filled with water. The strange aura it emits seems to attract monsters.
Weiss' Seed Pouch
A valuable seed pouch stolen by Weiss without alerting the attention of the soldiers.
A golden necklace carved with the symbol of the Chatten Family. It's spattered with blood.
Pink Tree Root Mole's Horn
A horn that proves that the owner has killed the Tree Root Mole.
A monster sample requested by Researcher Gareth. Will this reveal why the crops have been suffering?
A monster sample requested by the Pyromancer. It is still warm.
An antidote that can heal the poisoned miners. The Hunter Master knows the recipe.
Leather carved with an unknown symbol. It looks like a magic circle.
A potion obtained from the Hunter Master. It makes an antidote when mixed with a Rimedeed Leaf.
Poison from an unidentified dagger. It seems to be related with the leather marked with a magic circle.
A device that controls the growth of monsters. It seems to also work on crops.
An antidote recipe written by the Hunter Master. Combine the detoxifying solvent with the Rimedeed Leaf.
Charlotte's Special Potion
A special potion that only Charlotte knows how to make. It causes plants to wither die.
This equipment will help you in battle.
Yorgis Badelaire
Superior Dio Sword
Superior Thresh Sword
Superior Sestas Sword
Superior Dratt Sword
Superior Aston Sword
Flame
Galatunis Sword
Eyestra Sword
Yorgis Katzbalger
Superior Dio Two-handed Sword
Superior Thresh Two-handed Sword
Superior Sestas Two-handed Sword
Superior Dratt Two-handed Sword
Superior Aston Two-handed Sword
Saw
Galatunis Two-handed Sword
Eyestra Two-handed Sword
Yorgis Alter Rod
Superior Dio Rod
Superior Thresh Rod
Superior Sestas Rod
Superior Dratt Rod
Superior Aston Rod
Galatunis Rod
Eyestra Rod
Yorgis Siege Bow
Superior Dio Bow
Superior Thresh Bow
Superior Sestas Bow
Superior Dratt Bow
Superior Aston Bow
Galatunis Bow
Excel Bow
Yorgis Fedimian Turret
Galatunis Crossbow
Eyestra Crossbow
Superior Did Mace
Superior Thresh Mace
Superior Sestas Mace
Superior Dratt Mace
Superiror Aston Mace
Galatunis Mace
Eyestra Mace
 - Causes an explosion after every 10th consecutive attack.
Seems weak, but it causes an explosion on the user's 10th attack.
Yorgis Alchupiz
Superior Thresh Spear
Sestas Spear
Superior Sestas Spear
Superior Dratt Spear
Superior Aston Spear
Galatunis Spear
Gamble
Yorgis Alchupiz
Superior Sestas Pike
Dratt Pike
Superior Dart Pike
Aston Pike
Superior Aston Pike
Galatunis Pike
Eyestra Pike
Yorgis Knife
Yorgis Steel Staff
Superior Dio Staff
Superior Thresh Staff
Superior Sestas Staff
Superior Dart Staff
Superior Aston Staff
Galatunis Staff
Eyestra Staff
Superior Aston Pistol
Devi Pistol
Earth Gloves
Earth Boots
Earth Pants
Earth Robe
Leather Earth Gloves
Leather Earth Boots
Leather Earth Pants
Leather Earth Armor
Earth Plate Gauntlets
Earth Plate Greaves
Earth Plate Pants
Earth Plate Armor
Legwyn Family Gloves
Armor used by the Legwyn family.
Legwyn Family Boots
Legwyn Family Pants
Legwyn Family Robe
Legwyn Family Leather Gloves
Legwyn Family Leather Boots
Legwyn Family Leather Pants
Legwyn Family Leather Armor
Legwyn Family Plate Gauntlets
Legwyn Family Plate Greaves
Legwyn Family Plate Pants
Legwyn Family Plate Armor
Abomination Necklace
Abomination Bracelet
Flower Branch
Soup Set
Increases your movement speed by 2 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
This fruit has a sweet and sour flavor. {nl}Restores HP every 2 seconds. 180 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use.
A crystal obtained by processing a piece of crystal. {nl}It will protect you from the poisonous gas from Lot 2.
A crystal obtained by processing a piece of crystal. {nl}Restores HP every 2 seconds. 440 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
A crystal obtained by processing a piece of crystal. {nl}Restores SP every 2 seconds. 280 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
A crystal obtained by processing a piece of crystal. {nl}Increases your movement speed by 2 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Attack Booster +10
Adds 10 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Attack Booster +15
Adds 15 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Attack Booster +20
Adds 20 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv1 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}800 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv1 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}640 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv1 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 50 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv1 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 5 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv2 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}800 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv3 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}960 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv4 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1040 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv5 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1120 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv6 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1200 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv7 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1280 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv8 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1360 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv9 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1440 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv10 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1520 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv11 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1600 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv12 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1680 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv13 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1760 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv14 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1840 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv15 Condensed HP Potion
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}900 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv2 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}704 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv3 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}768 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv4 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}832 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv5 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}896 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv6 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}960 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv7 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1024 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv8 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1088 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv9 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1152 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv10 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1216 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv11 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1280 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv12 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1344 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv13 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1408 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv14 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1472 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv15 Condensed SP Potion
Restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1536 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv2 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 52 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv3 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 54 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv4 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 56 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv5 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 58 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv6 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 60 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv7 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 62 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv8 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 64 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv9 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 66 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv10 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 68 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv11 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 70 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv12 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 72 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv13 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 74 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv14 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 76 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv15 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 78 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv2 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 185 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv3 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 190 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv4 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 195 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv5 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 200 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv6 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 205 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv7 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 210 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv8 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 215 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv9 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 220 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv10 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 225 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv11 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 230 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv12 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 235 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv13 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 240 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv14 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 245 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Lv15 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 4 for 250 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Master Genie Card
Merregina Card
Templeshooter Card
Panto Magician Cane Decoration
If you forgot which direction of the cane it was installed on, it will be heading towards you.
Wire
Hard to see because it is so thin.
Dimensional Fragment
It appears when space-time is distorted.
Oak
A torn page of a diary from a villager who lived in Andale Village. Read what's inside.
A journal of an unknown adventurer who was exploring the Legwyn family residence. Readable.
Reply letters from a man named Beikeol. Readable.
A statement for someone of the Legwyn family who ordered goods. It's for a medicine that has a dangerous side effect. It's readable.
A soiled journal discovered in the Waterway. The diary owner's name is illegible. Readable.
So old it seems like it will crumble at the slightest touch. Readable.
A note left by a pilgrim a very long time ago. Readable.
It seems like it was left here as a last ditch effort by some pilgrim. Readable.
A part of a pilgrim's torn diary. Readable.
A hastily scribbled record of a pilgrim. Readable.
A will left by a dying pilgrim. Readable.
A burnt journal left by pilgrims. Readable.
A lost diary of some kind. Readable.
Seems like a scribbled diary written by someone in rage. Looking carefully, it seems readable.
The journal of a person found in a place where mankind is not allowed to enter. Read what's inside.
An order made at Vakarine's command. Read what's inside.
An order that was written and attached here a long time ago. Readable.
A document recorded in the time of the Great King Zachariel. Readable.
Warning notices from hundreds of years ago. Read what's inside.
A carelessly crumpled message. It seems barely readable.
Ceremonial ropes that the Panto Magician was carrying around.
Mallardu Fat
The fat of a Mallardu that was well preserved and will burn easily. Wake Nepenthes up with it.
The first revelation found in the Crystal Mine. Readable.
Pawndel's Soul
The second revelation found in the Tenet Church. Readable.
Lump of Kepo Meat
Meat Loaf that can be easily obtained from Kepo. However, you can't eat it as is.
The third revelation found in the Thorn Forest. Readable.
The fourth revelation found in the Royal Mausoleum. Readable.
The sixth revelation found in the Great Cathedral. Readable.
There are claims that the voice of the king can be heard at the Royal Mausoleum Constructors' Chapel.
An experimental soul reagent that Gracius gave you.
Experimental Reagent
Said to reveal monsters that have killed pilgrims under the Curse of Rage when sprayed on them. However, this is still experimental.
The fifth revelation found in the Great Cathedral. Readable.
Featherfoot Costume
Llama Costume
Resonance Crystal
A mysterious crystal dropped by a Vubbe. It resonates when used near a device in the Lot 2 - 2F.
Varkis' completed research reports. Contains information related to the Royal Mausoleum. Readable.
An old scroll hidden by the Pyromancer. Readable.
Blak's report. Contains scouted information of the nearby area. Readable.
York's report. It contains information concerning the recently increased monster activity. Take it to Lieutenant Volda. Readable.
Journal that Varkis has recorded his entire life in. Seems like he highly valued it. Readable.
Detailed information on future operations alongside a map. Readable.
Scouting report of the Sunset Flag Forest. The scratched writing gives you an eerie feeling. Readable, but...
File folder that contains the research records of the Royal Mausoleum. Readable.
An archive that Jonas devoted his lifetime to create. Readable.
A report by Joint Investigation Unit Member Scott regarding suspicious activity in the area. Readable.
Parts of it are covered in blood and unable to be read. Some parts are legible.
A certification awarded to soldiers who have safely completed training. Read it proudly.
Leather that can be used in a variety of ways. The age of the leather means that it can be used immediately.
A research report lost by the newbie Royal Mausoleum researcher. Someone has stepped on it  and blurred the characters. It's just barely readable.
Instructions on how to eliminate the thorny vine. Familiarize yourself with it.
A permit needed in order for ships to enter the harbor. Readable.
The messenger's note. He told you not to read it but... Should we?
First rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
Second rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
Third rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
Fourth rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
Fifth rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
Old documents that describe how one can turn into a demon. Read what's inside.
The letter Horacious wrote for borrowing the farm equipment. Readable.
Part 2 of Varkis' research found in the Dykyne Crossroads. Readable.
Part 3 of Varkis' research found in the Snake Neck Bluffs. Readable.
Part 4 of Varkis' research found in the Ipati Cliffs. Readable.
Varkis' Research Materials (5)
Part 4 of Varkis' research. Readable.
Priest Yosana's research report. It contains information on the expression of curses. Readable.
Priest Roana's research report. It contains information on lifting curses. Readable.
Priest Prosit's research report. It contains information on the effects of curses and how they propogate. Readable.
The sealed research report that describes the curses that Priest Yosana gathered together. The priest said it disappeared in an instant.
The increased length of geomnal complements the deficiencies of the gladius sword
Veteran Crossbow
Sledgehammer
Yorgis' Fedimian Club
Gloves [Leather]
Boots [Leather]
Bottom [Leather]
Gloves [Plate]
Boots [Plate]
Bottom [Plate]
Gloves [Cloth]
Boots [Cloth]
Bottom [Cloth]
Roxona Gloves
Roxona Boots
Roxona Pants
Roxona Robe
Roxona Leather Gloves
Roxona Leather Boots
Roxona Leather Pants
Roxona Leather Armor
Roxona Plate Gauntlets
Roxona Plate Boots
Roxona Plate Pants
Roxona Plate Armor
GM Boots
Crafted to deal with extreme cold. Reflects the current master's personality which focuses on practicality.
Enchanter Costume
Pickaxe Set
Card Set
Kaliss Armband
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}384 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}640 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1280 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
The fruit has a soft pulp. There are small hairs on the skin.
The fruit smells nasty. But it tastes like a piece of heaven.
Restores 80~100 HP. The meat is readily available and safe to eat raw. Right-click to use.
Adds 166 EXP and 127 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 895 EXP and 689 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 2375 EXP and 1828 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 3155 EXP and 2429 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 7620 EXP and 5867 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 8190 EXP and 6306 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 20104 EXP and 15480 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 47383 EXP and 36484 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 79314 EXP and 61071 Class EXP. {nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv10 EXP Card
Adds 69778 EXP and 53729 Class EXP. {nl}Chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv11 EXP Card
Adds 180341 EXP & 138862 Class EXP. {nl}Chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv12 EXP Card
Adds 202718 EXP & 156092 Class EXP. {nl}Chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv13 EXP Card
Adds 448276 EXP & 345172 Class EXP. {nl}Chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Repair Potion
It helps to restore the equipment durability. {nl}Right-click to use.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1920 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2080 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2240 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2400 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2560 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2720 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2880 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}3040 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}3200 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}3360 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}3520 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}3680 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}3840 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv1 Block Potion
Increases your block by 50 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv2 Block Potion
Increases your block by 65 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv3 Block Potion
Increases your block by 80 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv4 Block Potion
Increases your block by 95 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv5 Block Potion
Increases your block by 110 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv6 Block Potion
Increases your block by 125 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv7 Block Potion
Increases your block by 140 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv8 Block Potion
Increases your block by 155 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv9 Block Potion
Increases your block by 170 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv10 Block Potion
Increases your block by 185 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv11 Block Potion
Increases your block by 200 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv12 Block Potion
Increases your block by 215 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv13 Block Potion
Increases your block by 230 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv14 Block Potion
Increases your block by 245 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv15 Block Potion
Increases your block by 260 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv1 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 32 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv2 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 44 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv3 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 56 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv4 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 68 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv5 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 80 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv6 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 92 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv7 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 104 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv8 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 116 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv9 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 128 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv10 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 140 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv11 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 152 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds
Lv12 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 164 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv13 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 176 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv14 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 188 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv15 Critical Damage Potion
Increases your critical damage by 200 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv1 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 10 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv2 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 14 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv3 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 18 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv4 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 22 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv5 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 26 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv6 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 30 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv7 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 34 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv8 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 38 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv9 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 42 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv10 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 46 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv11 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 50 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv12 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 54 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv13 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 58 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv14 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 62 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv15 Magic Amplification Potion
Increases your magic amplification by 66 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Revelation: Opposing Piece Collection
Revelation: Inside Piece Collection
Lv1 Gem Abrasive
Lv2 Gem Abrasive
Complex Gear
A complex gear seems to be used for the complex machine. You can obtain it from Marionette in Roxona Reconstuction Agency West Building.
Dullahan Armor Fragment
A fragment of Dullahan's armor. {nl}Obtained from Dullahan in Roxona Reconstuction Agency East Building.
A heavy lump of scrap metal. {nl}Obtained from Anchor.
Velfiggy Bead
There is a little color difference between Dimmer beads. {nl}Obtained from Velfiggy.
Glyquare Core
A mutant variation of the Nucl, the power source of mutant monster. Contains highly condensed magic that might explode if handled carelessly. {nl}Obtain from Stone Orcas.
A record written by the teacher of Hones and Laius. It seems to contain very important information.
Carcashu Seeds
Glizardon Horn
Varb Hard Shell
Zinutekas Strong Horn
Monster Poison
Varb Resin
Zinutekas Tail Fragment
Boowook Activation Core
Scent Stone Powder
Contains condensed fury of the pilgrims.
Petrified the advanced team's relics
Tasty Tablets
A tasty candy ball from the Knights of Kaliss made for the workers of the Petrified City.
Dark Crystal
Orb imbued with Aura
An orb that collects aura. It can be taken out and put depending on use.
Wisdom Guiding Stone
A mysterious jewel that can lead to the correct path.
Eyes of Truth Fragment
The broken pieces belonging to the Eyes of Truth. It is only available to collect all fragments.
Eyes of Truth
This allows you to see the substance of a soul. Use it on a unsubstantial monster.
Soul Crystal
Has the power to attract wandering souls.{nl}It's necessary to find a condensed grudge.
Left-click to use
A memo written by Disciple Hones about his teacher. Might be useful for releasing the device installed at Underground Grave of Ritinis. Readable.
Spatial Magic Gem Fragment of Contract
A space magic stone fragment of the broken contract. In order to work correctly, it seems to need the restore operation.
If you collect the more space magic stones, you can go to a hidden place of the teacher.
A magic stone used to move the Teleport. You can go a hidden place of the teacher.
Kupole Vita's Purification Powder
A powder contained the spirirt of holy purification gave by Vita. You can purify the evil spirit to use it.
Contract Binded Remains
Remains tied to the contract with the demons. Not free even in death.
Brooch with Valius' magic
You can feel Valius' magic
Evil Energy Suppressing Seal
A seal crafted by Valius with the power to suppress evil energy.
A magic scroll capable of absorbing weak Petrifying Frost.
Symbol of Silt
The monster who was the sign of a weak armor. Movement speed increased slightly.
The detector that Cryomancer Kostas requested. Krio maenseo Costas petrified by asking the detector. It might be broken.
Monster Stimulant
Using it on the monsters in the main street will make the monsters frenzy.
Improved Time Bomb
A powerful bomb that can make a big fuss after a certain time.
Sticky Fluid
Processed Bomb
Hardened Explosives
Royal Army Propaganda
A propaganda to encourage the surrender sprayed by Royal Army when the rebellion, 600 years ago
Part of a soul torn from Demon Lord Hauberk.
Hauberk's soul divided itself in order to escape.
the ground of the fort built at the time, was hustle and explosives used. Complaints can be easily attaching to burst.
that the Tomb building can hear the voice of the king in the chapel Here is rumored Jar.
Reaction Stone
Stone obtained by defeating monsters at the Roxona Marketplace.
Velas Grass
A strong scented grass that attracts monsters. Rubbing this onto objects will make monsters surround the objects and protect them from danger.
Damaged Artifacts
Digested, severely Damaged Artifacts. They can only barely be recognized by their shape.
Silt Crystal
A crystal found in the petrified monster prolonged exposure to frost. When processing occurs on the Petrifying Frost immunity for a while.
Magic Catalyst
horsepower catalyst that can be obtained from monsters exposed to steam. It can be reacted in the vapor horsepower.
Pas-de-warp order to give you the future master. Sanctuary is available only when you experience problems do not mean excessive hoarding.
Monster have collected a variety of tools stolen from humans. It should be possible to find a rubbing tool here when searching properly.
Monster Leather Paper
A thin membrane that can be used as a substitute for paper.
Red Poison Bottle
It can turn body fluids into acids. Be careful not to touch it.
Acidic Body Fluid
Body fluid of a monster that has turned into an acid. Handle it carefully.
Diluent
A solution that can dilute toxic materials to be used for a range of purposes.
Paralysis Needle
A needle that can paralyze monsters.
Stiff Hair
Stiff monster hair, used when creating a rough brush.
Rough Brush
A rough brush that can clean the dustiest of places.
Craute Grass Juice
A liquid extract obtained from Craute grass. Monsters like it.
Bone Powder
Common bone powder. It can be used to make a sticky liquid that helps ink stick to surfaces.
Special Ink
Ink obtained from the Alchemist Master.
A rubbing of a tombstone. The thread of fate will break and thou shalt wander.
A rubbing of a tombstone. The walls of the king shall outlive him.
A rubbing of a tombstone. Life is easy when one is born with a silver spoon in their mouth.
A rubbing of a tombstone. After even death fades there will yet be a world.
Important Tombstone Rubbing
A rubbing of a tombstone given to you by the aspiring Oracle Adrijus at Nuoridin Falls. It says, "After even death fades there will yet be a world". It was written by another Oracle-in-training a long time ago, so the importance isn't clear yet.
Flat Stone
A flat piece of stone that might make a good shovel head.
Wooden Stick
A wooden stick that might serve reasonably well as the handle of a hammer.
Crude Shovel
A crudely made shovel. It has poor durability and looks like it will break after a single use.
Transposed Small Inscription
A small inscription that was taken from the collapsed tombstone at the Namyu Temple Site's former garden.
Tombstone Fragment
A stone fragment that looks like it came from a tombstone.
Hunting Basket
A basket full of lure traps given to you by the blacksmith. If you shake it too much, they will fall out.
Sticky Resin
A sticky liquid obtained from monsters. It can be used as an adhesive.
Dry Bush
A bundle of dry brush gathered up. Looks like it would burn well.
Gooey Oil
Oil obtained from monsters.
A journal recorded by Itebaras. It records the inscriptions on the tombstones at the Namu Temple Ruins.
Bone Fragments
A bone fragment from a Halloventor Archer. It can be used as an anti-rusting agent.
Metal Plate
The metal plate that Justas is looking for.
Rusty Metal Plate
The metal plate that Justas is looking for. Heavily rusted from sitting in the well for so long.
Magnet on a Rope
A cord and magnet that Justas gave to you. If you attach the rope to the well's pulley system, you can get the metal plate at the bottom.
Hallowventor Magician Inner Core
An extract obtained from defeated monsters.
Rust Powder
Rust powder scraped off a rusty metal plate. Some monsters will react to it.
Bubbling Liquid
A bubbling liquid. Mix it with an acidic solution to create a rust remover.
A metal plate sought after by Alwida.
Corrosives given to you by Alwida. It can corrode metal plates.
A metal plate that was laid below vines. It's in good condition.
A stick obtained from monsters. It's uniquely metallic.
Strangly Energized Stone
A stone with an unusual aura. By rubbing it against a stick one can make a Detection Rod.
Detection Rod
A Detection Rod that can find metal plates. Crudely made, and looks like it won't last long.
A metal plate found with a Detection Rod.
Demetrius' research records.
Alwida's Research Results
The lifelong research of Alwida.
Food
Coagulant
Coagulant given to you by the Blacksmith.
Copy of the Nuoridin Falls Prophecy
A copy of the Nuoridin Falls Prophecy given to you by Adrius.
Rubbing Tool Pouch
Tools for taking rubbings from tombstones.
Ink Fixative
A fixative for making ink stick to tombstones.
Rambear Fur
White fur bundle cut from a Rambear. It appears gray, as if dirt ridden.
Vaidotas' Special Incense Burner
A censer in which Vaidotas has put in a special combination of incenses. The scent weakens the Vubbes.
Chemical agents that cause Vubbes to hallucinate, preventing them from approaching the entrance.
Moa Lump
A lump from a Moa, a predator of the Pantos. It smells awful.
Fisherman Eye
A Fisherman's eye. It feels like it's staring at you.
Ellom Essence
A dying essence found in an Ellom's body. It's sticky.
Odd Fish Stringer
Made by properly stringing together Ellom Essences and Fisherman Eyes
Spirit Eye
An eye that can see hidden souls. It was made by the Bokor Master requested by Knight Commander Uska, who was investigating disappearances regarding the Klaipeda Market.
Tini Essence
A necessary ingredient to make the straw doll.
Orb of Comfort
An orb prepared by the Bokor Master in order to soothe the souls of the injustly slain people of the Andale Village.
Full Orb of Comfort
An Orb of Comfort that has been fully filled. It can soothe the souls of the injustly slain people of the Andale Village.
Power Crystal
A crystal that Goddess Saule filled with her power to purify the Thorn Forest.
Frost Crystal
A magical tool of the Cryomancer Master. It can freeze even the soul of a monster.
Frozen Soul Fragment
A fragment of a monster's soul, solidified into a frosty crystal.
Pure Frost Crystal
An ingredient needed for the Cryomancer Master's test.
Zubeck's Orb
An orb made by Zubeck to easily locate his secret stash.
Goddess Austeja's Scripture
A scripture needed for repairing the sealed tower in the Uskis Arable Land.
Bomb Weed
Resounding Bomb Materials
A potion that the Royal Army had. Used when making Resounding Bomb.
Resounding Bomb
A bomb that doesn't have much explosive power, but creates a huge noise when set off.
Dud Bomb
A bomb discovered in the Outpost area. Seems like it's become a dud.
Dud Bomb Removal Tool Box
A box with tools to safely remove bombs
Wedge Needle
A sample of the poisonous wedge needle used to attack the monks. The Hunter Tracker Captain might be able to identify it.
An antidote that the Hunters always have with them. It cures simple poisons immediately.
Working Trap
Ebonypawn's trap. It's in perfect working condition.
Scripture Sheet
Monk Wiley's treasured sheet of scripture. Looks like they were scattered during the uproar.
Tempas Mushroom
Mushrooms commonly found in the Thorn Forest. It seems they must be cooked to be edible.
Rocktor's Stony Leg
A piece of a Rocktor's leg. Can be used in weapons due to its shape and hardness.
Chafperor Thorn Venom
A thorn found on the Chafperor's forearm. Venom oozes from it.
Toxic Thorn Tree Stump Goo
A thorny tree that grows on wicked energies. Its thorns are poisonous.
Spring Water Venom
Water from the spring. It's been contaminated with poison.
Precipitation Bowl
A bowl used to extract the poison out of the contaminated spring water. There's a hollow spot in which the poison collects.
Woodluwa Leaf
A leaf attached to the head of a Woodluwa. It can be used as an ingredient for an antidote.
Chevas' Medicinal Herb
A medicinal herb that Chevas from the Bastille Company was looking for. He says it will aid against poisonous attacks.
It's an empty beehive without any honey in it. Where is the honey?
Woodluwa Essence
A sweet-smelling secretion from a Woodluwa. It can soften hardened honeycombs.
Liverwort Cap
A large cap from the head of a liverwort plant. It exudes a strange smell.
Stonecon Fragment
A fragment that broke off a Stonecon. It twitches ever so slightly.
Old Book
An old book from the grave of a dead man. Hunter Natasha may be able to find something of use from this book.
Seal Stamped Letter
A letter found in an old book left behind by a dead man. It contains an order for an assassination as well a confirmation of its execution.
Acylado Hydrophyte
An aquatic plant that grows in watery environments. It can filter and purify water.
Monastery Crystal Ball
A crystal ball found in a wooden box at the monastery. Used to activate the device in the prayer hall.
Deodorizing Potion
A strong potion used for removing odors. It has an antiseptic scent to it.
Tyla Monastery Scriptures
Scriptures that were scattered by rampaging monsters. Bring them to Mohaim.
It's as if the powerful blade shows its user the way of the sword.
The true power of this blade is its ability to cleave everything between you and your enemy.
You can feel the experienced tough from the handle, and a cold cruelty from blade. Great users only experience the first case.
The souls of the swordsmen fighting to death with sword in hand is reflected in this blade.
The pommel can be used to stab as well but there's no need to try it.
It seems less vulnerable to the environment even the origin is a ridding battle.
A normal sword regardless of the power with a magic. Of course, If there are people who ignore the power of this sword, they can be damaged by this sword.
Hope always this sword exists between you and enemy.
 - Bash skill level +10
 - Increases repair cost by 100%
 - 2% chance to deal 600% increased damage
Sometimes it shows the solid spirit of the blacksmith.
The sale of this sword is frequently undertaken by salesmanship rather than performance.
 - All Swordsman skill levels +2
The strength of the Deathweaver is nestled within.
It has the ability to damage souls, but it tends to only exert damage on demons.
If your two hands can handle it, this sword will be a great friend during your adventures.
This sword has absorbed the experience of an elite soldier. Whether you are a mercenary or not, if you enjoy fighting you will appreciate this sword.
Due to security reasons, the kingdom's Dress Sword is always in development.
Since long past, this sword has been adored by warriors who prefer to wield a blade with both hands.
In the kingdom's history, it'll be difficult to find an actual example of execution by the sword.
This sword's power far exceeds its outer look.
Don't you feel a foreboding presence from the enemy? It seems this isn't over yet.
Originally, the practical weapons were manufactured in the form of entry-level weapons.
Look forward to the hidden potential bestowed in this weapon by its maker.
Don't ignore this sword just because of the sales tactics used by the seller. They wouldn't have had to use so much tact if the sword had no disadvantages.
 - 2% chance to increase magic defense for 15 seconds after receiving magic damage
If you are ready to face death, draw this sword.
If you sharpen your soul while making a weapon, the size of the enemy will not matter. You can expect larger damage inflicted on larger enemies.
Some people call this the mixed form of a two-handed basic blade. Using it as their main weapon until they are acknowledged by others.
Some say the decorative snake occasionally blinks it's eyes. There are no eye witnesses, so the claim may be a hoax.
This weapon is a staff condensed with magic through complicated methods.
This staff has teeth. Let the enemy know that it is not just for show.
Mages with years of experience enjoy this equipment.
In reality, this has nothing to do with astronomy. However, this equipment should not be taken lightly.
Life, magic, and endless wisdom are the symbols used to craft this staff.
There is not much like this to have as your guard.
If you take a look at this staff, you can see a great transformation has simplified it. This does not mean the power has been greatly reduced.
 - Increases all Cryomancer skill levels by 1
 - Increases the Earthquake skill level by 3
The catastrophic effect of this equipment is activated independently from the user's skill.
From all the people that have used this equipment, we are rooting for you to become the most renowned throughout history.
 - Basic attacks have a 1% chance to reduce the enemy's magic defense and increases physical defense for 30 seconds
 - Basic attacks have a 2% chance to burn the target for 10 seconds
We have found death without discretion. It is time to apply what we have discovered on the enemy.
You can't always draw power from wandering souls. However, if you succeed an item which increases your hidden potential will be created.
The craftsman takes pride in bringing out the optimum curvature of this recurve bow.
The archers from the Astral Tower do not care for this bow. However, others living in these treacherous times might find this bow useful.
Just because it is called the sniper's bow doesn't mean you have to take single shots.
During perilous times, if secret and terror are wielded in the shooter's hands, they will draw out the will to live.
When the device that increases draw power was first used on the bow was indeed the times of Lydia Schaffen. However, the inventor was not Lydia Schaffen, but her companion the first Fletcher Master.
This bow requires a lot more strength from the user than expected. The view of the arrow in flight will leave a sense of satisfaction.
Unlike its name, this bow will be welcomed by any archer. Rogues aren't the only ones who prefer this bow.
The burden of bows has been alleviated, it does not decrease the power by much.
 - Increases all Hunter skill levels by 2
 - Basic attacks have a 2% chance to poison enemies for 20 seconds
If you don't have the other bow, then this bow is a good choice to buy.
The Weapon Merchant said that even Lydia Schaffen bought this. It's not wrong saying this since she's not complaining.
 - 100% critical rate on Beast-type enemies{nl} - -25% damage on non-Beast-type enemies.
This arrow would kill your enemies.
It is required for the owner to have powerful strength. But you feel like this when you see the carrying out arrow.
Fixed Bow
If you are specialized in crossbows instead of bows, then this is a good equipment to help you become more advanced.
In the old days, the majority of the body from this equipment was made by silver. The silver products were famous in Fedimian.
There is a theory that the person who improved this weapon like this is Ebonypawn. But, that's just a groundless rumor.
A weapon designed to deal great damage with small projectile and projectiles.
It is easier to handle than it seems.
It is inevitable to use this in emergencies, but still it's a last resort to strike enemies with this equipment in close combat.
Careful attention of the user is necessary to avoid ruining the fine structure of this equipment. Its craftmenship adds a layer of complexity compared to regular weapons, which give credence to its value.
A modified weapon based on the Fedimian Turret that was made in the recent days.
 - Increases all Quarrel Shooter skill levels by 2
 - Increases the [Backstab] skill level by 3
Shot with hope to make a great damage every shoting.
Please be that person that shows what real value this weapon has.
Unlike the different weapons of same names, this name is related with the weapon effect. It has a magic to get the opponent like a death nest.
Beasts who are not from this world absolutely love the pain and suffering from this.
There are traces of it being used for other purposes. But even ordinary equipment can show the divinity of the goddesses.
Many priests, wizards and warriors use this personally as an advantage in battle. Although, this weapon is not officially supported by the Royal Army.
It has a form to display the unique character of this town, but the material is not silver.
Don't worry about the damage of this rune, just give it your all with your strikes and hits.
Someone told this weapon have more thorns. But, the thorns of this weapon is proper now like the building has a one lighting rod.
Test this on all solid targets. This includes: monsters, shields, locked doors and all other kinds of locks.
Although there was no war in the kingdom history, the war weapons have been improved constantly. Do not need to say about Ruklys Civil War.
Blacksmiths and those with another job often buy this to actually use it.
Even though it is produced in Fedimian, it does not have a different name to it.
 - Increases all Monk skill levels by 2
It is better to just slash regardless of the time of Master's innate power.
Using this weapon, you can feel its quality ain't too shabby, even though this was an impulse purchase.
 - Increases basic attack of [Out of Body] equal to your amount of SPR
Don't think it's weak even it is Vubbe's weapon. It will occasionally give you lost your mind.
A weapon that crafted to have a lot of magic and effort even regardless of a unique feature.
Results have shown that this item is powerful against Mutant-type monsters. However, nobody knows why.
Don't think it is poor just because of its form. It has a strong durability and has a good appearance to distinguish from other weapons.
The Battle ways using this unique form of the shield has been upgraded by lots of Masters.
In the fast, There were a lot of shield crafted by Fedimian. Since Medzio Diena, the lot of type shield have been crafted due to the dangerous world.
Unlike the some of misunderstanding, This type is not origin from the kingdom outside. Since Medzio Diena, It made an effect, surely the shield is origin from the some place of the kingdom.
This shield is specialized for mounted battles. It performed well at the battle of Hamasi. After the Taniel period which stabilized the kingdom, it has been produced constantly.
This is the equipment that was crafted from the shield, which is used on mount battles, by focusing on its defensive rate instead of focusing on its mass. Unlike a cavalry shield, it may be too much for a foot soldier.
The history of the Tower Shield is even longer than the small shields. The soldiers who followed Zachariel during the war of the country were used to this kind of shields.
It would cure you with a probability higher than getting hit by a meteor.
The Royal Army used it for the ceremony, but many warriors find it useful during real battles.
As Alchupiz was used in many ceremonies of the kingdom, it was modified accordingly. Along with some decorations on it, its quality was improved.
If a person is confident on using this well, many skills such as hanging or tangling the opponent's weapon are possible.
According to the words that were passed down from long ago, Doppelsoeldners who were gathered by King Kadumel fought against Ruklys' army that were equipped with those.
In order to use this weapon effectively, the blade of the weapon should always be sharpened.
If one feels that his weapon deals additional damages on the demons, that's just a feeling.
This weapon is a modified Alchupiz made by civilians in the direction they liked.
 - Increases all Hoplite skill levels by 2
 - Increases damage by 100% when using [Spear Throw]
King Kadumel was incompetent in military techniques, but he put in lot of effort on weapons. As a result, some weapons' origins are related to him.
There's a saying that it was created to give useful weapons to the recruited soldiers.
Even if multiple weapons share the same origin, some of them develped further than the other ones.
 - Deals 3 successive hits on Large-type targets{nl}  - Increases all Cataphract skill levels by 1
A spear that has been used in a variety of fields throughout the history of the kingdom such as hunting, duels and war.
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's movement speed for 10 seconds
The weapons that were crafted through alchemy tend to have some flaws. This weapon is different. 3 successive hits are launched when you attack a large-type monster.
When you need a strong magic, this equipment will be reliable.
The process of crafting is more complex than a steel staff, but as a result, more advanced equipment woulld come out from the processes.
This cane symbolizes many virtues. Justice, truth, space and more.
Instead of focusing on its virtue, more emphasis was put on the quality of the Square Staff.
The history of the Mage Staff is longer than Agailla Flurry who was one of the greatest wizards in the entire history.
It was Agailla Flurry who trimmed this Mage Staff like this and the staff was named to commemorate her achievements.
According to an old saying, the origin of the cane is related to the Demon Lord Helgasercle.
Sometimes, there's a person who doesn't know what is the top of the cane.
 - All Pyromancer skill levels +1
 - [Ice Blast] skill level +3
 - 20% chance to inflict [Burn] on an enemy for 10 seconds when using [Hell Breath]
Black Staff
The people who were related to Black Market make this kind of weapons well, but they successfully crafted Black Staff recently.
Sometimes, the efforts of the master craftsman result in good products. And, that object sometimes shows its true abilities.
This equipment was sold a lot commercially. And the quality of it is not that bad.
You would have to pay adequate rewards in order to put the power of dark spirits into the equipment.
Pistol [Pierce]
When weapons were introduced in the kingdom, there were many directions for the development. With this weapon, the emphasis is on making it smaller, the convenience for consecutive shootings, and the satisfaction for design.
Some people want strong weapons that have one strong shot and the ones that are convenient to carry. The weapon that fulfills those requirements is this.
Handgun
 - Increases all Schwarzer Reiter skill levels by 1
A weapon that was proposed as the focal point in the kingdom's history of weapon development. This was designed not to lose its strengths even in various situations.
Even just a century ago, this was used only in the kingdom's southern region. It is becoming more common in other areas nowadays.
The shape and the pattern of the equipment is not originated from the kingdom. It is apparent that the outside culture has been penetrated into the kingdom.
The name of the place originated from the great Woodlands. The name has been first adopted from the hideout of the aristocrats that used to live in the great Woodlands so unlike its name, it possesses relatively fancy appearance.
The name has been first originated from the Woodlands. This was first created from the hideout of the aristocrats so its appearance looks fancy compared to its name.
The equipment with this pattern originated from the Kadumel Era. At then, it was the official equipment of the Royal Army, but the number of people who started to use this equipment gradually decreased after the Kadumel Era. However, there are still many people using it.
You can feel its excellency by lowering your expectations from hearing its name.
It may not be as great as the merchant claims, but it isn't so bad either.
As the Vubbes started to swing their arms after Medzio Diena, the equipment to prepare for the attacks of the Vubbes has developed. If the Vubbes causes more violence, there is a chance that the performance of the equipment may get better although the name of the equipment may be the same.
Unlike other equipment whose names originated from monsters, this equipment have been made at Gele Plateau from long time ago.
This is the by-product of the period when the wizards and the priests haven't been good together in the history. Because of Maven, that trouble disappeared from the history, but the craft manual is being still used usefully in many areas.
This is the equipment that has been changed a lot from the original equipment from the Kadumel Era. It generally possesses the improved qualities.
For the amusement of the aristocrats, a kind of Metal Plate armor was needed so it was changed practically from then. It is being keep improved and developed after Medzio Diena.
Under the stabilized royal regime, the Metal Plate armor has developed with various reasons even when there weren't any large scale wars going on. The requests of the aristocrats who didn't forget the importance of military training were accepted many times and as a result, it has the shape of nowadays.
Not only the wars and the tastes of the aristocrats developed the history of the battlegear. The master craftsmen in Fedimian have been creating many equipment and craft items by utilizing their unique experimental minds for a long time. Also this is the result of the support from the goddesses who are trying to develop the cizilization of the humans.
According to an old saying, Jane, the disciple of Agailla Flurry, created this equipment. She resolved her limit by doing so, but there aren't any clear records remaining.
After Medzio Diena, the equipment that were used for the hunting and the adventures are receiving the spotlight. As the number of violent monsters increases, the adventurous hunting which was unique before is becoming daily lives.
Its appearance looks good since it was used for the designs of the court guards and its defensive rate is also great.
From long time ago, many wizards bought this equipment when they accumulated enough money. This equipment fulfills the needs of performance as well as the needs of designs.
This equipment possesses more privacy than it looks. Also, the light reflection is weak in the night times so the scouts have used this equipment often.
The pattern of the foot soldiers that was adopted from the beginning of the kingdom has been continued until now. At some times in the past, the kingdom soldiers wore this and aligned in front of 3 layer castle walls.
This equipment possesses the passion of the archmages to improve themselves to the next level.
The previous Skirmisher equipment is being crafted with improved qualities as the monsters go rampant since Medzio Diena.
This equipment was once adopted as the official equipment of the foot soldiers inside the castle of the capital. As the time passed by after that, this equipment was used constantly even in the periods when it wasn't adopted by the kingdom.
According to folklore, the source of this recipe was leaked from the Library of the goddesses.
This is the equipment with the pattern that was mainly worn at the outer areas of the kingdom. It is believed to be used in the southern part of Orsha for about a hundred years.
In the past, this equipment was given to commemorate all the people who received a knighthood.
Since the pattern was adopted from the tribal society outside the kingdom, this equipment shows the improvements as time passed by.
Its name is said to be taken from a famous monster in the past which cannot be confirmed, unless you are using the library of the goddesses.
This equipment was adopted from the Gele Plateau area. The history has been long, so it is believed to be made from in the period of the first Paladin Master, but it actually was crafted first at some point of time in the later generations.
Heavier and weaker than expected but its enchantment with power of mummies that are different from the undead helps the wearer.
Veyo Boots
The meaning of this boot is that it allows you to walk as fast as the wind. Really. Try it out.
There is a story that the first person who received these shoes was an unlucky disciple of Agailla Flurry. It is unsure if Jane died by the demons due to this reason.
It is said that the historically famous Premier Eminent himself devised this piece of equipment.{nl}For reasons unknown, it has been unused since Lydia Schaffen ascended at the Astral Tower.
A strong point of mounted equipment by monsters is to borrow the monster's abilities.
Nepenthes is not an active monster. As a result, the attributes of this equipment is a reaction to its origin.
Originally, Shnayim was a creation bearing Great King Zachariel's great plans and arrangements. As for now, it would be of more help this way.
Rumor has it that Maven made this for any of his disciples. But in reality, none of his disciples were related to it.
There have been endless tries to enhance weapons with the goddess' divinity. That's how much will of people this item contains.
There have been endless tries to enhance weapons with the goddess' divinity. It was not very successful but it wasn't a failure either.
There have been endless tries to enhance weapons with the goddess' divinity. The most preferred goddess is Goddess Zemyna and so is this item.
Infused with the goddess' divinity, this footwear does not distinguish between priests and those who seek the goddess' power. It will support anyone in the world the same.
The goddess' power on an item differs on the type of material, even if the item use the same name. It reflects the ability and personality of the one who made it.
It does not have necessarily powerful effect just because the equipment has the sacred power of various goddesses. The equipment as name Thresh was made to seek the blessings of the three goddesses, you will feel it's weak considering the name.
It is one of the recipes that three goddesses tried to save the blessing into on equipment. This way is still not finished, and it's hard to see the last since the goddesses have disappeared.
The first devised who of this equipment has been kept secret until what was going to receive the blessing of any goddess. But it is a little weak by considering the result of the confidentiality.
In order to commemmorate the 6th King Malkiel's rule from his coronation to death, various equipment were made.
In order to commemmorate the 6th King Malkiel's rule from his coronation to death, various equipment were made. Although many unique changes were reflected upon the equipment, the style from the past soon faded and only the names remain.
The 6th King Malkiel was the first king to expand the kingdom beyond what king Zachariel had established. Through stick-and-carrot strategy, he succeeded in absorbing a significant number of tribes into the kingdom. As an appraisal for this achievement, equipment were made to commemorate his regime.
The freaks can appear in the community rely on the goddess completely. Fortunately the merciful goddess and high priests regard the name of this equipment as the just fun.
It has a good performance even though it's name is strange. There are priests saying half jokingly that the goddess' grace is evidence of fairness to all.
Despite the unusual name, the user is high as the look and performance. The goddesses and priests will not have joy and sorrow in quick alternation on human emotional language.
The name of Aston was designed from the fashionable the times during 10 years in the 600 years ago. Aston has times tried to establish a center for the royal family
After Ruklys' civil war has ended, the local nobility who had exhausted the tyranny of King Kadumel showed the tendency that in order to ensure the autonomy in their respective regions. As a result of this tendency, the special products will increase in some areas, the recipe and product contain it were affected by the Aston thought.
Although the Kingdom is stable by the King succeeds, but the Aston went out, The name and recipes are still delivered with the name.
Mainly it refers to equipment made by a secret recipe of the family. Although there are many differences in the family, These names are mostly used for equipment have in common to meet the needs of them.
It has a characteristic of advanced equipment according to the lifestyle of the nobility. The most visible part of the difference with other combat equipment is that it is suitable like hunt for entertainment not like a normal battle.
When describing Devi type equipment, the Onething easily misleading of equipment that It's not only developed to meet the needs of the nobility. The majority of the nobles were generous the people involved with them and using this equipment. Including the large scale battle and hunt for entertainment.
There is a story that the equipment belonging to Prima is following the forms of the old genesis kingdom. The problem in this case that the recipe one thousand years ago is still advanced and useful. So there is a guess that people tried to imitate the technical part of the goddess' skill in the past.
Unlike the prejudice, they are not reproduced the form found in the ancient cemetery. The story that those who robbed upgraded it is more potent.
The most common type of shoes. Many civilians wear it too.
Weapons crafted by applying the old wisdom and experience of miner.
The person briefly mentioned in the history as the master of Lucid Winterspoon. She wasn't well known since her disciple surpassed her so quickly, but this equipment that was created from her was named after her.
The people who keep the old promise in the province did not neglect to prepare for the coming attack. This equipment is a clear evidence.
There is a legend that Ruklys received the Goddess Zemyna's grace, but someone does not bend that Goddess Zemyna did not give Ruklys any favor.
There are people that had asked if Goddess Zemyna really gave her grace to this equipment through Ruklys to the priests. As a result, they are only confirmed again that the grace of the goddess was fair to all.
Once the traders were also selling and claimed that these arms are the same type of product like Ruklys equipped at final time. Of course, it's a story after Kadumel.
Square Master Yustina Legwyn has an exceptional ability to manufacture as well as repair. She is celebrating the fall family by putting the name of her family after she became famous due to the designed equipment.
This equipment made by Square Master Yustina Legwyn according to the recipe was devised and disseminate. She leaves a handmade sign into some products. If lucky, you can also see the contents in honor of a brother and father who already died.
There are numerous anecdotes related to the Great King Zachariel, founder of the kingdom. Some anecdotes came to light after he died. While some of them are exaggerated, this piece of equipment was certainly made for the first time in the region after his death.
The city went to ground after Ruklys' civil war near the Roxona, the recipe crafted at that time was still alive. These recipes have passed and survived for many years through not only Kadumel but also the other old time.
Some people say this weapon is directly related to Ruklys, but that's not a fact. However, it's certain that the master craftsman of Roxona was the first founder of it before the city was petrified.
Some people think about the disaster that encountered Roxona, it would be great if these weapons have an immunity against the petrification. Although, sorry for the Petrified City of Roxona, it's surely that this weapon is better than the other side.
People may not know about it but the reason why they can get this for a cheap price is because of the plans and foresight of Goddess Laima.
No one knows how Jukopus gave this weapon its abilities. The Winterspoon family seems to know, but do not share it.
Demon Lord Mirtis said that before she used the Vubbes, the Vubbes carried no equipment with magical power in them.
It has an effect to disperse the magic damage like a lightning rod.
Life and death rely on the small differences in the battle. This necklace can save the wearer with an effect.
A guardian charm has been used in the kingdom a long time ago, there are many necklaces like this. Although there are people who believed that, it used beyond the foundation of the kingdom.
In the past, the Magic Master of each field gave disciples who completed some process it for the present. The time of disappeared this tradition guessed that an Agailla Flurry, but it is unfair because many magics of kingdom made by her.
Klaipeda is famous for the origin of crystals around a history of a thousand years.
Something among the goods containing the magic crafted with the pure magic not the goddess' blessing. This necklace is a typical sample of them.
It is mysterious that people don't completely know of the rune. However, placing a part of the mysterious into the necklace is possible.
You can craft the necklace to hold better power into certain metal by concentrating the magic and the blessing of the goddess.
Made by Maven, who wished to help his disciples as clerics. It helps you reach a higher level of faith after trials and ordeals.
Bokor's history is too long and only a few Master at that time know the ancient knowledge. The recipe and ceremony is not known to the  general populace.
It is said that when a powerful Bokor wears this necklace, it can summon forgotten souls that can interfere with a strong presence. It also has the ability of helping its wearer when it is not used in a ritual.
It was named as the appearance of a necklace. There are keys of hidden places among these type of necklaces.
It was named as the appearance of a necklace. There are keys of hidden places among these type of necklaces. However, the place is not special, though the necklace is better special.
There is a transmission that the first Master Sage crafted it.
A very long time ago, when a magician made a failed attempt to come back to the world as an undead, only the magic remained in his bones. Other magicians used these bones to make objects imbued with magical power. This item is one of those objects.
This necklace said to bring misfortune, but that is untrue. Rather, it brings strength to its wearer.
Even when Kepas were harvested as crops, before turning into monsters, they were known to be good for your strength.
It was originally made for miners working in the dark underground, but people of various jobs benefited from this necklace. It was first made in Klaipeda.
This necklace protected its owner until his last moments. We hope the new owner of this necklace always receives the protection from it.
Since Medzio Diena, new monsters brought new skills that were used to craft items such as this. It's a premier product.
It contains a royal grace from Goddess Zemyna who did not enjoy fighting. It provides users with an amazing defense effect, but it isn't good during attacks.
Klaipeda has been known for its handicrafts. Fedimian handicrafts has evolved from using silver to other materials, but Klaipeda handicrafts has always been related to the use of crystals.
You might think it's an ordinary item made of light wood, but wood isn't ordinary in this world.
That the Vubbes are using this equipment proves that a very strong existence is behind them. Some people think that it could be Mirtis.
The people who've equipped this before said their SPR went up. That's why it is true that their resistance to magic increases.
Gathering some makes one effective. Don't divide for using.
It is styled after the noble families in the world after Medzio Diena.
There are lots of products named like this crafted firstly in the Grand Forest Land. Shelter of the Grand Forest Land had not a chance to gather at various people under a different situation.
Mining is the famous industry in Klaipeda, and lots of product based on this industry has been manufactured.
Sometimes, disappeared skills and styles has been rediscovered in the Valley area. This discovery remake like these new type products.
A lot of jewels used for consumer goods to hold the magic into this bracelet.
Silver material containing the magic is used to display the surface's pattern.
These types of pearls are mainly for decoration purposes as it is generally hard to hold the magic.
Priests who communicated directly with a goddess also don't know lots of parts. However, known up to now can endow a lot of abilities.
The origin of this bracelet is connecting to Lydia Schaffen and the Schaffenstar formed by her. However, there are no restrictions to use this bracelet for people who did not come from the Astral Tower.
Goddess Jurate evicted demons living in the sea from her territory. As Merregina roams on the land, its purpose as material is becoming known.
The study of strong demons and the creation of new magical weapons has become more important after Medzio Diena.
Its name reflects that the item is easy to get, not to imply that the item is shabby.
During the Millenary 90 years ago, many items were crafted to celebrate the Great King Zachariel's founding of the kingdom. The items' necessity only increased after Medzio Diena.
Some avoid it due to the source of its power but such thoughts are considered a luxury after Medzio Diena.
Lapasape Mushroom
Lapasape is a mushroom that grows on bodies. It smells very foul. Obtained from Lapasapes.
Party Quest Reward Chest
Contains a random reward. {nl}Right-click to use.
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality.{nl}Purchasable from the Item Merchant. {nl}Right-click to use.
Fire Lord Card
A special tool is required to craft this as it is too hard. {nl}Obtained from Rambears.
Terra Imp Decoration
Veyo Boots Leather
Veyo Boots Laces
Harugal Bones
Elma Hair
Hohen Leather
Harugal Leather
Minos Bones
Thick Chain
A chain that seems hard to be cut off.
Goblin Talisman
It is unknown what these talismans mean to the Goblins, but they definitely do not have any effects. {nl}Obtained from Goblins.
It has a proper form to dig the ground.
Ruby
A rare, bright red gem.
A piece of cloth probably from the outfit of the Item Merchant's father. You can feel great effort from the needlepoints.
Rambear Claws
Rambear Claws appear in the Petrified City of Verkti Square
Cough Medicine
A seal has a power to suppress the evil spirits made by Valius.
Velheider Voucher
Can be used to exchange for a Velheider through the Companion Shop.
Hawk Voucher
Can be used to exchange for a Hawk through the Companion Shop.
Petrification Detector Activation Core
An activation core of a petrification detector requested by Cryomancer Kostas. It is broken.
Old Oilsack
This is oil used to light lamps
Detector Component
Part of the Petrified Detector
Braid
Braid firmly fixed to a part
Poisonous Plant
Poisonous Plant known to take all life.
Terminal Core
A core that was placed in the terminal of the Intensive Spirits' Device.
Bomb powder requested by Svitrigaila
Petrified Cargo Powder
Powder rake out it from Petrified Cargo
Petrified Monster's Solid Core
A solid core obtained from a petrified monster.
An essence crafted by the core of Intensive Spirits' Device. It's a material when you destroy the Intensive Spirits' Device, and help to find the detonator which is an another material to make the orb.
Detonator
Amplifies and overloads the detonator's magic.
Svitrigaila's Orb
Magic orb has been crafted with the soul essence and detonator using the core of intensive spirits' device by Svitrigaila. When using it to the intensive spirit' device,
Ruklys Army Seal
Ruklys Parchment
Royal Army Guard's Spear
Royal Army Guard's Used Spear
Royal Army Guard's Breastplate
Royal Army Guard's Equipped Armor
Bomb
Bomb crafted to protect the camp from monster's attack.
While initially unpopular during Medzio Diena, the resurgence of strongly armored monsters is proving its value.
This widely used weapon was mostly sought after as a decoration or collectible item prior to Medzio Diena.
In the wake of Medzio Diena, the Winterspoon family disclosed the crafting recipe for this weapon to all alchemists.
Although some people dismiss this weapon as a "tree cutting axe", its actual user will tell you that Medzio Diena would have resulted in far worse losses without it.
Used to be given to magicians who enlisted to the army. There is an abundant supply after Medzio Diena.
Wizards have been discovering new facts from monsters emerging from Medzio Diena and applying them to various situations.
The increase in demons after Medzio Diena increased the price of this already-expensive rod.
This bow, popular among hunters, became even more widespread after Medzio Diena.
A Bow used by Hunters which is enhanced for battle.
Due to increase in demand for high quality bows since Medzio Diena, this bow is being crafted quite frequently.
Prior to Medzio Diena, hunters rarely used this bow. It might sound strange, but the bow would cause excessive damage to the prey.
A new bow designed and developed through joint cooperation of master bowcrafters. It was conceived with the hope of overcoming Medzio Diena.
Although it is hard to find wood for crafting since Medzio Diena, this weapon is not hard to make.
Weapons based on alchemy are in great demand since Medzio Diena.
The weapon is specialized in taking down well-equipped enemies.
The Ranger Master developed this weapon based on research data on the monsters in the Kateen Forest after Medzio Diena. However, she recommends that no one uses it.
In the old days it was readily available to Pardoners at an affordable price, but since Medzio Diena those days are long gone.
New possibilities have been discovered for weaponcrafting thanks to the emergence of new monsters since Medzio Diena.
This weapon used to be only obtainable by clerics with permission from the royal household. Such restrictions have become meaningless since Medzio Diena.
Minotaur Shield
The recipe for this shield was only discovered recently. It may not be possible to craft it after Medzio Diena.
Since Medzio Diena, many recipes were found through the use of altenative ingredients from monsters.
Crafters say that it has become easier to empower a wooden wand's attributes since Medzio Diena.
Prior to Medzio Diena, there was nobody who would use this weapon because it uses demonic powers, However, with the vanishing of the goddesses, desperate people have begun using it.
Rumor has it that supplies of leather increased after Medzio Diena.
One of the benefits of Medzio Diena is that crafters have found ways to reuse monster remains for stronger armor.
Since Medzio Diena, many equipment crafted from new material, like these pants, are replacing traditional ones.
Standard armor given to Kingdom Guards prior to Medzio Diena.
Since its inauguration prior to Medzio Diena, the Cryomancer Master has stopped the tradition of awarding this pendant to people. Now this pendant must be either obtained or crafted by users themselves.
Many new magical items that uses the power of monsters have been invented since Medzio Diena.
 - [Lightning Shock Effect] 15% chance to deal 405 magic damage on enemies when taking damage from Lightning property attacks
This item has been crafted with various poisons since its origin and, with Medzio Diena, materials have become even easier to find.
Originally from demons who passed the recipe down to the Vubbes, this recipe was released by human warriors who stole it from the Vubbes.
 - [Plant Collection] effect{nl}, when defeat Plant types - Herb items can be dropped when [Plant Collection] is stacked 15 times
The new monsters appeared since Medzio Diena, the name was made according to the a scholar woh devoted to find ways.
 - [Frenzy] for 5 seconds when an enemy avoids your attack{nl}  - Increases physical attack by 235, movement speed by 10 and reduces physical defense by 88 for 30 seconds when stacking [Frenzy] 8 times
Adds 2814 EXP and 2166 Class EXP. {nl}There is a chance of receiving additional EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv3 EXP Card (Deletion)
Kubas Card
Deathweaver Card
Glass Piece
A broken glass piece that is of no use.
Colimen Flower
Small Demon Horn
It's very good material if you can purify evil magic.
Scrap Iron
A scrap iron in a different form and size.
Marble Fragment
It is unclear whether it is a part of high pillar or statue.
A small stone that can be seen everywhere.
Dried Earth
It has a pretty particle. It is easy to plant.
Mud
It is under a difficulty if it is over clothes.
Weeds
It can grow up everywhere. The army of the kingdom spends a lot of time to remove the weeds.
Contaminated Water
The color is murky with floating foreign substances. Don't drink it.
Ice Piece
It can easily thaw out if careless.
It is too weak to make tools.
Cloth Piece
It is used as a bandage during emergencies.
It is a grape grow in water land and dark.
Pebble
A small and round stone. Can be discovered in rivers and streams.
[Effect] 20% chance to reduce an enemy's physical and magic defense by 50% for 10 seconds after a successful block
Cube Amulet
[Effect] 15% chance to increase your damage by 20% for 15 seconds on knocked down enemies
Pumpkin Amulet
[Effect] 3% chance to reduce an enemy's SP by 1096 when attacking it from behind
[Effect] When you are hit with your HP below 10%, there is a 4% chance to recover 2100 HP over 6 seconds
Desmodus' Tail Pin
Broken Legwyn Seal Fragment
Legwyn's seal. Only a part remains because it has been broken a long time ago.
Great Pirate Vladslovas' Broken Necklace
Royal Army's Torn Flag
A lost army flag from the Royal Army. It cannot be examined due to the severe damage.
Orb Recorder of Past Memories
A mysterious orb that is able to read the owner's past memories.
Relic of the Dead's Regret
A sense of lingering regret from the dead can be felt from this relic. Nothing is known about who the owner was, where he died, or how he died.
Material required to receive Peltasta's assistance.
Blue Crystal
Grave Keeper's Torch
A torch given by Sigis. It is used to cremete the body.
Grave Keeper's Magic Doll
A doll containing magic of the Grave Keeper.
Dio Two-handed Sword
Dio Crossbow
Thresh Spear
Sestas Pike
Krausas Mace
 - Applies an additional bonus damage to [Effigy] upon the 2nd attack
A weapon invented to strengthen Bokor's power. The recipe was forgotten, but was eventually restored through effort.
Restores 30 Stamina. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
A collection of the conflict between the demons and the goddesses in Goddess Laima's revelation.{nl}Right-click to add it to the Collection window through the Magic Association NPC.
A collection of one of the world's hidden secret in Goddess Laima's revelation.{nl}Right-click to add it to the Collection window through the Magic Association NPC.
Serum collected from the blood of the Vubbes. Requested for the officer by Vaidotas.
Material to help  with the research of the Wizard Master.
Material requested by the Cryomancer Master as an alternative payment for his teaching fees.
If you gather enough of these Weaver Claws, it may have a use.
The first soul stone containing a strong grudge of a corrupt individual.
The second soul stone containing a strong grudge of a corrupt individual.
The third soul stone containing a strong grudge of a corrupt individual.
A sign that the Angry Owl Sculpture had.
The burnt branch when Sequoia created a riot.
Portable supplies to be sent first to Danus' squad.
A pouch that a Vubbe has been keeping to spread evil spirits.
Forgery that a decicive evidence of falsifaction. It is not finished yet.
A sack containing a monster's head.
A sack containing a monster's body.
A parchment given to you by Cordelier. Although black coal powder has been used on it, it is hard to see the letters because of the dark color.
Material needed to create a Bokor doll.
An ember to burn thorn vines.
A bag that can hold a lot of whetstones.
Used to easily escape from enemies during a crisis. Bang!
An orb with exceptional quality useful for taunting enemies.
Marble pieces attached to bodies from monsters in the Great Cathedral.
A stone requested by the Fletcher Master in exchange for his teaching.
Material of a drug required to treat an injured patient.
An essence containing the resentment of many souls.
A canine requested by the Monk Master as proof of your commitment.
Raw meat dripping with blood from a monster.
Rogue Master's Prepared Present
A present for the Scout Master prepared by the Rogue Master.
Arrow of the First Fletcher Master
An arrow made by the first Fletcher Master for Lydia Schaffen.
A trace left by the demons that passed through the dimensional crack.
Portable Flare
A flare used by the members of the Astral Tower to inform their location.
Red Leaf
A material needed to make a flare trap. It creates a bright light along with a lot of smoke when it burns.
Flare Trap
It glows brightly just like the portable flare. Demon hunters will come looking for this light.
Sealed Book
A thick sealed book. It seems to be made of lightweight material.
Sealed Envelope
A sealed envelope. It contains something thick.
The first of Roxona Civil War
The second of Roxona Civil War
A Red Kepa tooth that can be used to make a shoulder guard.
Oil obtained from monsters.
Relics of soldiers who came to fix the Purification Detect Device
Shield parts needed for reward to receive the Peltasta's support
A holy relic treasured by the Church. It conceals itself when it detects evil energies.
A special stone bowl usually used during rituals for druids.
Bushes
Material needed to make a certification ticket
Monster Essence
Certification Ticket
Something helpful to safely pass the magic device
Musty-smelling Book
A book used by a soldier from Ruklys Camp in the past. This and that is written in it.
Damaged Book
Ring
A ring obtained from a soldier's relics
Helps build your muscular strength.
Velheider's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Hoglan's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Title - Ausrine's Incarnation
A title given to the first player who has reached the 6th rank during the 3rd CBT. {nl}Right-click to use.
Title - Ausrine's Hero
A title given to players between 2~10 who have reached the 6th rank during the 3rd CBT. {nl}Right-click to use.
Symbol of the Great King's 1st Ordeal
A symbol that means that you have passed the test prepared by Zachariel, the Great King. It seems related to the seal of the Royal Mausoleum.
Symbol of the Great King's 2nd Ordeal
Symbol of the Great King's 3rd Ordeal
Symbol of the Great King's 4th Ordeal
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Blood may not flow through if you tie it too tightly.
Its long length makes it possible to be used as a substitute to bandage at urgent times.
Decorated with feather. It is weak and should be handled with attention.
It is used for special offers and as a fashion item.
An armband for players who participated in the 1st CBT.
Tenet Sword
Patrice Sword
Lukas Sword
Philis Sword
Escanciu Sword
Krag Sword
Pilgrim Sword
Istora Sword
Tenet Two-handed Sword
Patrice Two-handed Sword
Lukas Two-handed Sword
Philips Two-handed Sword
Escanciu Two-handed Sword
Krag Two-handed Sword
Pilgrim Two-handed Sword
Istora Two-handed Sword
Tenet Rod
Patrice Rod
Lukas Rod
Philis Rod
Escanciu Rod
Krag Rod
Pilgrim Rod
Istora Rod
Tenet Bow
Patrice Bow
Lukas Bow
Philies Bow
Escanciu Bow
Krag Bow
Pilgrim Bow
Istora Bow
Tenet Crossbow
Patrice Crossbow
Lukas Crossbow
Philis Crossbow
Escanciu Crossbow
Krag Crossbow
Pilgrim Crossbow
Istora Crossbow
Karacha Crossbow
 - Repair Cost +100%
Tenet Mace
Patrice Mace
Lukas Mace
Philis Mace
Escanciu Mace
Krag Mace
Pilgrim Mace
Istora Mace
Production for this shield began only recently. Should Premier Day come to an end, production will likely also end.
Tenet Spear
Patrice Spear
Lukas Spear
Philis Spear
Escanciu Spear
Krag Spear
Pilgrim Spear
Istora Spear
Lukas Pike
Philis Pike
Escanciu Pike
Krag Pike
Pilgrim Pike
Istora Pike
Arde Dagger
The fire sprouting from this blade doesn't affect the user, but may instead catch onto enemies.
Karacha Dagger
 - [Poison Effect] 2% chance to inflict poison that deals 6165 damage over 10 seconds on an enemy when attacking with a dagger
Tenet Staff
Patrice Staff
Lukas Staff
Philis Staff
Escanciu Staff
Krag Staff
Pilgrim Staff
Istora Staff
Istora Revolver
Manamana
Ogva Gloves
Ogva Boots
Ogva Pants
Ogva Robe
Ogva Leather Gloves
Ogva Leather Boots
Ogva Leather Pants
Ogva Leather Tunic
Ogva Chain Gloves
Ogva Chain Boots
Ogva Chain Pants
Ogva Chain Mail
Partis Gloves
Partis Boots
Partis Pants
Partis Robe
Partis Leather Gloves
Partis Leather Boots
Partis Leather Pants
Partis Leather Tunic
Partis Ring Gloves
Partis Ring Boots
Partis Ring Pants
Partis Ring Mail
Sirdgela Gloves
Sirdgela Boots
Sirdgela Pants
Sirdgela Robe
Sirdgela Leather Gloves
Sirdgela Leather Boots
Sirdgela Leather Pants
Sirdgela Leather Tunic
Sirdgela Scale Gloves
Sirdgela Scale Boots
Sirdgela Scale Pants
Sirdgela Scale Mail
Philis Gloves
Philis Boots
Philis Pants
Philis Robe
Philis Leather Gloves
Philis Leather Boots
Philis Leather Pants
Philis Leather Tunic
Philis Scale Gloves
Philis Scale Boots
Philis Scale Pants
Philis Scale Mail
Allerno Gloves
Allerno Boots
Allerno Pants
Allerno Robe
Allerno Leather Gloves
Allerno Leather Boots
Allerno Leather Pants
Allerno Leather Tunic
Allerno Plate Gauntlets
Allerno Plate Greaves
Allerno Plate Leggings
Allerno Plate Armor
Perelin Gloves
Perelin Boots
Perelin Pants
Perelin Robe
Perelin Leather Gloves
Perelin Leather Boots
Perelin Leather Pants
Perelin Leather Tunic
Perelin Plate Gauntlets
Perelin Plate Greaves
Perelin Plate Leggings
Perelin Plate Armor
Turn Gloves
Turn Boots
Turn Pants
Turn Robe
Turn Leather Gloves
Turn Leather Boots
Turn Leather Pants
Turn Leather Tunic
Turn Plate Gauntlets
Turn Plate Greaves
Turn Plate Leggings
Turn Plate Armor
Shaton Gloves
Shaton Boots
Shaton Pants
Shaton Robe
Shaton Leather Gloves
Shaton Leather Boots
Shaton Leather Pants
Shaton Leather Tunic
Shaton Plate Gauntlets
Shaton Plate Greaves
Shaton Plate Leggings
Shaton Plate Armor
Tyla Gloves
Tyla Boots
Tyla Pants
Tyla Robe
Tyla Leather Gloves
Tyla Leather Boots
Tyla Leather Pants
Tyla Leather Tunic
Tyla Plate Gauntlets
Tyla Plate Greaves
Tyla Plate Leggings
Tyla Plate Armor
Miao Hair Ornament
An elaborate ornament that is the identifying marker of the Wugushi. Its distinctive feature is the bullhorn design in the center.
Fletcher Knife
Instantly restores 190 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}266 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.
Instantly restores 320 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}448 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 25 seconds.
Instantly restores 640 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}896 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 70 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}98 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 120 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}168 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 240 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}336 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Small Stamina Pill
Restores Stamina by 40. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Big Stamina Pill
Restores Stamina by 40. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Many scholars have tried to find out the origins of this fruit, but none have succeeded thus far.
Adds 500 Character EXP and 385 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 2686 Character EXP and 2068 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 8442 Character EXP and 6500 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 22860 Character EXP and 17602 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 24571 Character EXP and 18919 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 60312 Character EXP and 46440 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Basic Small Stamina Pill
Basic Big Stamina Pill
Adds 142150 Character EXP and 109455 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 209334 Character EXP and 161187 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 237943 Character EXP and 183216 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 541023 Character EXP and 416587 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 608155 Character EXP and 468279 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 1344829 Character EXP and 1035518 Class EXP.{nl}Has a chance of receiving additional EXP.{nl}Right-click to use.
Skill Reset Scroll
Resets your used skill points. (CBT Tester only)
Zombie Capsule1
You can summon a zombie.
Zombie Capsule2
Zombie Capsule3
Title - Developer
Developer
Dispeller
Nullifies harmful status effects when used.{nl}Consumed after use.{nl}Right-click to use.
Nullifies magic attacks.
Instantly restores 800 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1120 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 320 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}448 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 800 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1232 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 960 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1344 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1040 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1456 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1120 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1568 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1200 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1680 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1280 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1792 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1360 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1904 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1440 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2016 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1520 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2128 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1600 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2240 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1680 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2352 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1760 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2464 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1840 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2576 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1920 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2688 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 350 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}490 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 380 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}532 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 415 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}581 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 445 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}623 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 480 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}672 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 510 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}714 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 540 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}756 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 575 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}805 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 605 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}847 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 640 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}896 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 670 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}938 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 700 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}980 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 735 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1029 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 765 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1071 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 185 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 190 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 195 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 200 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 205 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 210 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 215 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 220 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 225 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 230 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 235 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 240 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 245 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 250 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Hogma Tusk
Skin that is difficult to obtain from intact Varvs. Obtained from Varvs.
Smooth stone used for sharpening blades. {nl}Purchasable from the Squire Master.
The shell is old and mushy so it can't be eaten.{nl}Obtained from Old Kepa.
Obtained from Pendinmire and Siaulogre.
Lv1 Card Abrasive
Used to enhance Card. Increases Card EXP.
Paperbox
Use it when you need attention.
Story of the Legendary Archer and Arrow Maker. Readable.
Legends of Fedimian. Readable.
No target is invisible for a trained archer! Readable.
Advice on the use of tools given by Lydia Schaffen to her apprentices. Readable.
The challenges faced by Lydia Schaffen and her solutions. Readable.
Essential Reading for Linkers: Finding The Nexus Point Of All Ego. Readable.
A research paper on armors used during the rule of King Kadumel. Readable.
Legends of Klaipedan Lands. Readable.
A torn page from a diary of a resident who used to live in Andale Town. Readable.
Journal of an unknown adventurer who was exploring the Legwyn family mansion. Readable.
A reply from a person named Beikeol. Readable.
A statement for someone of the Legwyn family who ordered goods. It's for a medicine that has a dangerous side effect. Readable.
A soiled journal discovered in the Aqueduct Bridge Area. The diary owner's name is illegible. Readable.
So old it seems like it will crumble at the slightest touch. Readable.
A note left by a pilgrim a very long time ago. Readable.
It seems like it was left here as a last ditch effort by some pilgrim. Readable.
A part of a pilgrim's torn diary. Readable.
A hastily scribbled record of a pilgrim. Readable.
A will left by a dying pilgrim. Readable.
Burnt journal left by pilgrims. Readable.
A lost diary of some kind. Readable.
Seems like a scribbled diary written by an enraged person. Looking at it carefully, it seems readable.
The journal of a person found in a place where mankind is not allowed to enter. Read what's inside.
An order made at Vakarine's command. Read what's inside.
An order that was written and attached here a long time ago. Readable.
A document recorded in the time of the Great King Zachariel. Readable.
Warning notices from hundreds of years ago. Read what's inside.
A carelessly crumpled message. It seems barely readable.
Varkis' completed research reports.{nl}Contains information related to the Royal Mausoleum. Readable.
A record written by the teacher of Hones and Laius. It seems to contain very important information.
A jewel that instantly teleports you to a saved location. {nl}Cooldown of 15 minutes
A stone that will transport you to Klaipeda. {nl}Right-click to use. {nl}Cooldown of 20 minutes
Magic catalyst used by the Bokors. Bokors craft their own Bokor doll for a better spiritual magic effect.
An old scroll hidden by the Pyromancer. Readable.
A bag that seems to have belonged to a messenger. Contains a few reports and some food supplies.
The remains of a soldier killed by a monster.{nl}This person is no longer recognizable.
A patch of moss collected to investigate abnormal phenomena. Much can be discovered from investigating it.
Grass which discoloration is presumed to be caused by influence of demons.
Creepy, disturbing wood bark that has been altered from its original shape. It is presumed to have changed due to influence of the demons.
Blak's report. Contains scouted information of the nearby area. Readable.
York's report. It contains information concerning the recently increased monster activity. Take it to Lieutenant Volda. Readable.
Herb pouch carried by Vubbes. Roughly made but effective enough.
Booty gathered by Vubbes. As for the sorting??
Supplies looted and gathered by Vubbes. You can see that some of them have been used.
Feather decorations adorn the Vubbes' arrows. Useful for monster research.
Report written by Moody. It details the attacks from monsters.
A diligent Owl Sculpture's wing fragment.{nl}It is blessed with holy power.
A fragment of a wing of Scared Owl Sculpture's friend. It has become an ordinary piece of wood.
An unpolished gem ore. The gem within the stone is also dull as it hasn't been polished yet.
Serum obtained from Vubbe blood. Requested for the officer by Vaidotas.
A unequal crystal fragment. A material requested by Vaidotas.
Serum collected from the blood of dead Vubbes.
A key to release the seal of the Royal Mausoleum.
A map showing the location of something.{nl}Treasure, maybe?
A journal that Varkis has recorded his entire life in. Seems like he highly values it. Readable.
A material to make a memorial to remember the dead people in this area.
A tool kit including a chisel, hammer, rope and more.
A memorial for the people who died in this area is engraved here.
This device searches for evil spirits by absorbing energy from soldiers.
A small piece of rock that broke off from a stone pillar. Its purpose is not certain, but looks expensive.
Refined powder collected from a stone pillar's surface. Its use is unclear.
A small piece of a stone that was found in the monster's stomach.{nl}Seems to be part of a victim's relics.
A scroll that opens a distortion in space. With this, it is possible to obtain the key that belonged to the Great King Zachariel.
A key used for releasing the seal of the Great King Zachariel.
One of the task requirements by the Hoplite Master. Looks extremely sturdy.
One of the task requirements by the Hoplite Master. It would be fatal to be stabbed by it.
One of the task requirements by the Hoplite Master. It scatters at the slightest breath.
Material required for Psychokino Master's research.
A potion made by the Psychokino Master. Contains the stamen of Matsum. Looks a little dangerous.
The materials which Linker Master requested to you to use on his test. Why does he need those?
The Sapper Master requested these goods to be returned to their original owner. Did he steal these?
Leather requested by the Quarrel Shooter Master. Looks like it will be used for armor-crafting.
A giant stone used as a replacement on the Klaipeda Castle Wall. Now, how to move this...
Not sure what's inside but it smells foul.
The sculpting material that Tesla wanted so badly. Looks extremely hard.
A pot that absorbs the essence of fire from nearby monsters.
Items to be offered to the Goddess Statue.
Holy Water used for banishing evil spirits. A very pure water.
These are the materials that are needed to help the research of Wizard Master.
Scroll made for researching the paranormal phenomena in Klaipeda.
Holy Water used for treating patients. It has a regenerative effect.
Holy Water used for treating patients. It has a sterilizing effect.
Holy Water used for treating patients. It has a revitalizing effect.
A demonic essence requested by the Psychokino Master. It emanates a sinister evil aura.
A demonic essence requested by the Psychokino Master. If you stare at it for too long you might be possessed.
This might be a map marked with the location of the Fletcher's Secret Manual. Why would the Quarrel Shooter Master want the Fletcher's...?
A piece of cloth suspected to be from Ebonypawn.
Material required for the Sapper Master's experiments. It burns easily.
An experimental bomb created by the Sapper Master.{nl}The throw distance can be controlled by holding down the key.
Clothes that seem belong to the father of the Klaipeda Tools Merchant. A gentle embroidery is sewed on it.
A box containing a delicacy liked by the stray cats. Used to catch stray cats. It has a fishy smell.
Energy of fire collected into a pot.
Material requested by the Cryomancer Master as an alternative payment for his teaching fees.
Material requested by the Cryomancer Master as an alternative payment for his teaching fees. Will this be of any use for a Cryomancer?
A stiff, hard piece from the inner side of Phyracon. Material requested by the Wizard Master.
A smooth scale found below the rougher outer scale of Drake. Material requested by the Wizard Master.
Scroll made to compare the phenomena in Fedimian and Klaipeda.
You can obtain an object hidden on the 3rd floor.
A lump of something that smells terribly foul. You can see a glimpse of a ring-like object inside.
A completely dried up twig. It has a lot of tiny thorns.
Detailed information on future operations alongside a map. Readable.
An ingredient for crafting shards of memory.{nl}It is very thick.
A scouting report of the Sunset Flag Forest.{nl}The scratched writing gives you an eerie feeling. Readable, but...
A water bottle hidden by the Supply Officer.{nl}It smells old and musty.
An indispensable material for capturing Gaigalas.{nl}It smells musty.
An indispensable material for capturing Gaigalas. It's full of moss.
Articles made of gold, a Lichenclop's favorite material. Tediously collected.
Contains articles to help research such as pens, papers, digging tools and some foodstuffs.
A herb used to treat neurological ailments.
A file folder that contains the research records of the Royal Mausoleum. Readable.
A file containing research data on the Royal Mausoleum. It's been ripped apart.
An archive that Jonas devoted his lifetime to create. Readable.
Davio obtained this medicine for Jonas. It's very effective in treating senility.
Replenishes your HP when a monster is defeated within the magic circle
Explosive to block the Vubbe Raiders' Secret Passage
A fragment of Woodsman that sometimes wiggles creepily.
A report by Joint Investigation Unit Member Scott regarding suspicious activity in the area. Readable.
A scroll that allows you to collect spirits. Only usable on certain monsters.
An orb that has a Red Vubbe Shooter's spirit sealed within.
The Owl Sculpture's upper piece.{nl}Restoration is, unfortunately, infeasible.
The Owl Sculpture's lower piece.{nl}The shape is barely recognizable.
A pedestal piece of the Owl Sculpture.{nl}It's about to break in half.
A special oil to burn the Owl Sculpture which has unfortunately been shattered.
A wheat box containing a small number of grains. The box has been ripped apart.
A pocket which contains the strange medicine. When the Vubbes consume it, they become brave, but if humans consume it, they will have stomachache.
A telescope lens used at the Astral Tower.
Poison sample from bats.
A stone carried by the Hogmas. It attracts monsters.
Friedka believes that this amulet is the key to the ruin's secrets.
Supplies of the unit which Lynt is a part of. A Wendigo ran away with it.
A herb with a decent painkiller effect.
This stone is said to attract Sauga. Could this be true?
A fragment of a relic swallowed by Denoptic. A monster that feeds on stone, how curious.
A pouch of coins meant for payment. Grave Robber Kujang asked you to deliver this to Grave Robber Bushobell.
Treasure that belonged to human victims and was hoarded by the monster.
The belongings of a soldier, stolen by a Leaf Bug. {nl}Looks like it's not the first time it has been stolen.
A ripped cloth piece from Vubbe. It's from the dirty waist area.
If seems you can use this somewhere if you gather enough Vubbe toenails.
Goods used as a provision for emergencies in the Mining Town.
Material required for reinforcement of the mine's exterior wall. Collect them before the wall crumbles.
A stick used to expel Sequoia. It has a few holy spirits.
Ingredient for a tool that chases away road-blocking Sequoia. You can feel the faint holy power.
Warrior's Essence. It is very necessary to give Sequoia the very best bit.
This stick was made by upgrading a Stinging Stick. It is capable of subduing Sequoia.
The larvae of Meduja are eating away at the memories of life. They're sparkly.
The luggage of a dead merchant. His spirit is obsessed with it.
A scroll of protection. It seems the scholar's spirit was vanquished before using it.
A rubbed copy of the monument that the female explorer was looking for.
This stick was made by upgrading a Spiritual Stick. It holds the grudges of the Owl Sculptures...
A keepsake from a dead soldier who was killed by monsters. It seems that the keepsake can comfort the soldiers' victimized spirit.
This smell reminds me of my hometown.{nl}I miss my home.
An abnormally scented Ridimed Leaf.
Abnormally smelling juices are oozing from it.
A monster bait to complete the last mission of dead soldiers.
Let's test it on a monster to confirm that it is working.
Old Kepa skin. The powder falls off it when shaken.
Needed to make the bait more convincing. Will this bait work well?
A corpse of Johan's squad. Please treat them well.
A hook that soldier Roy has to collect. He can return to his troops as soon as he collects it.
Parts of it are covered in blood and unable to be read. Some parts are legible.
A material used to fix the wagon. Cut from the the hard part of the stem of a Hamming.
Fluid secreted from a Tini's gland. It has a sting to it.
A herbicide made from the fluid of a Tini. You can remove thornbushes with it.
A certification awarded to soldiers who have safely completed training. Read it proudly.
The soft parts of Plantain Grass gathered up. It tastes bitter when chewed.
Empty potion bottle stolen by a Vubbe. It sparkles as if it has been vigorously cleaned.
An item that proves one's ability to the Sword Master. It's the heart of Stone Orca.
A Vubbe ointment that is used to treat their injured. It's not possible to use it as is.
A slate that ordered the Guardians to attack evil things. They are attacking everyone because it is broken.
A stone that lights stone lanterns.{nl}Although it is burning, it isn't very hot.
Overusing the inhibitor can cause it to overheat and break.
A token of Wheelens. Collecting them gives the power to defeat enemies.
A diary that Coben asked you to find.
A lump of fat that was pulled out after defeating Cockatrice.
Charcoal found from Hallowventers.
If you set up this jar, it will absorb magical power from around you.
Could be a cause of the disease.
A gem that absorbs a monster's life force. It absorbs the life force of monsters defeated near it.
A scroll required to solve the seal of King Zachariel. It is the first seal.
Any monster that uses fire abilities has a source.{nl}It is used to make Flame Gems.
Makes finding fire easy but how Grita got it is a mystery.
Research material stolen by monsters. It seems that monsters like to steal such documents.
Hard lime used to make forgeries.
A counterfeit item proving the existence of forgery.{nl}It is yet to be finished.
Piece of a building with beautiful pattern on it. It seems that the architect put a lot of work into making it.
There are various tools inside, like a dowsing rod to check for underground tombs.
The Saugas store their loot in bags.{nl}They share their loot equally.
A very ancient looking token of an archaeologist.
The highly toxic poison of a Woodfung. It releases this poison into the air when frightened.
A sack holding a monster's hand
Lizardman Blood is used in experiments conducted by necromancers.
A soul jar given by the Necromancer Drasius. It will inhale monsters who are on the verge of death.
A symbol which represents that someone passed the ordeal that was prepared by the Great King Zachariel. It seems to be related to the seal of the Royal Mausoleum.
A sword with a piece missing from it.
These relics might help identify the dead bodies.
This piece fits into the Chipped Sword.
Wood picked from the wood pile by Cahill.
Leather that can be used in a variety of ways. The age of the leather means that it can be used immediately.
A letter containing the heart of Moses Diesel.
Moses Diesel made these crutches for the village youngster Cahill.
The first material Ahylas Jonas requested to undo the seal.
An ingredient to make a Crystal Gem.
A crystal needed to release the seal of Ramstis Ridge
A research report lost by the new Royal Mausoleum researcher. Someone has stepped on it and blurred the characters. It's just barely readable.
Could someone eventually find out the location of the Great King Zachariel's inheritance?
An antidote that can counteract Scorpion's poison. Let's bring this to Dezic.
It seems it will explode if it is touched. Be careful.
Meat gotten by slaying Infroburks. It looks tough.
It seems to use as a firewood.
Lydia Schaffen's tombstone piece regained from Cemetery Golems and Guri.
A piece of a broken tombstone found from a Sea Turtle. You have to put the pieces of tombstone together to see whose it is.
Finally restored the tombstone. What is in there?
A piece of Flurry's tombstone that a Tama picked up and ate.
Luggage filled with odds and ends.
A magical black powder made from coal that makes ink stick clearly onto parchment.
A material needed to open the sealed manual. Doesn't go out no matter how much you try.
The Holy Ark for holding souls has been broken. Will collecting its pieces be enough?
A monster's Small Crystal that the Suspicious Chair asked you to collect. To call it a crystal is a stretch, though.
The voice of a spirit sealed within the Sealed Stone. You can hear a faint whisper from it.
A crystal infused with magic to prevent the sealed spirit from escaping.
The Variation Mediator substance that the Variation Magician Furry Odd asked you to collect.
A crystal that has been carelessly burnt.
A burning charm. Because it was in a monster's stomach, it is wet and smells bad.
Silver dye used for Simon Shaw's tattoo. It is relatively easy to get.
A parchment given to you by Cordelier. Although black coal powder has been used on it, it is hard to see the letters because of the dark color.
The power source that moves the Red Infrorocktor. Grita, who can't use magic, needs it.
Needed to stabilize the Jewel of Prominence.
It contains instructions on how to eliminate the thorn vines. Familiarize yourself with it.
A crystal needed to remove thorn vines by holy power. It needs charging and refining to be used.
The remains of a Thornball. Burns well, even in the rain.
Some fluid with a sour smell that oozed out from a toenail.
A useful fluid for flushing out the mini Griba that has become a parasite on Greepelli's hair.
Adele treasures this ring. Let's get it back to Adele.
A strong acid solution that can melt through thorn stems.
An Operor's stinger that has the power to purify corrupted magic crystals.
A completely purified magical crystal. It can remove the thorn vines blocking the path.
A highly volatile sap. It is essential for burning away wet thorn vines.
A medicine effective in restoring one's mind.
A crystal of power gotten from defeating Corylus.{nl}It is used to make a crystal of light.
A crystal filled with enough energy to activate the underground enchantment.
A map that shows all of Sirdgela Forest. There are marks interspersed across the map.
Pollen used to exorcise evil spirits.
A latch used to tie down the handle of the cable car's lever.
A metal part shaped like a wheel that monsters had stolen. It is clearly a part of the cable car.
Sweet tasting Plateau specialty sugar beets. Young animals love them.
Parts acquired from around the broken cable car
Good medicine for when the atmosphere becomes contaminated and hazy.
A Fragaras' resin is an effective exorcising material.
Ceremonial ropes that the Panto Magician was carrying around
A mane taken from the nape of a defeated Mushcaria
A legendary verse used to defeat Gesti. Seems like it's not the right time to use this.
A legendary verse used to defeat Gesti. It needs to be recharged before it can be used.
The legendary lection that will be used for defeating Gesti. You are ready to use it.
A catalyst containing a Voodoo Doll. Activates the Voodoo Doll when used.
Counterfeit goods passed to you from Kevin. They're not finished.
Lowers the strength of monsters when used on them.
A piece broken off from the altar on the second floor of the Church.
When used, you become invisible to demons for 10 seconds. The effect disappears if you attack or take damage.
When used, a Divine Spirit appears and provokes nearby demons.
A special key for finding revelations and hidden places.
It creates an awakening effect if it is mixed with the Thorn Flower Powder Stimulant.
It has a better effect than the Thorn Flower Powder.
It has an awakening effect if mixed with a Merog's spit.
The materials that Elementalist Master requested to you in order to prove
A vessel to hold water enchanted with spiritual power.
An enemy that dies with this charm attached to it is supposed to be under our control but... It seems kind of shabby.
A jar filled with the magic energy that flows through the Royal Mausoleum.
Ingredient necessary to redecorate the obelisk. It has a high level of acidity.
Paralysis powder that can stun the Black Maize in Vieta Gorge.
Ingredient necessary for the paint used in painting inscriptions onto the obelisk. It's black in color.
An ingredient necessary to redecorate the obelisk.{nl}It's very sticky.
A scroll used to mark the divine symbol of a Paladin onto demons
The sacred energies of the shrine still infuse them.
The key to release Goddess Saule from the demon's confinement.
A balm used to repair Goddess Statue. It has an unusual, but gentle, scent.
A balm used to repair Goddess Statue. It has an unusual, but gentle, scent.
It has a pronounced effect
A permit needed in order for ships to enter the harbor. Readable.
A necessary map for sailing. It describes the ocean currents and wind directions.
What kind of contract is this?
A body fluid sample extracted from a Moya
An arrow sample created by the Fletcher Master. It has good balance.
Wood that the Fletcher Master is looking for. It produces a fine timbre when knocked on.
A fishing rod made from a Fisherman's prized wood, from which you can hear a whistling sound. Check it out by breaking it open.
A simple tube that can shoot a neurotoxin dart
A special poison made from a Stoulet's bodily fluids. It only reacts with the neurotoxin dart used with the Simple Tube.
An easy tactic made for beginner Centurions, it is nonetheless difficult to remember without practice.
A flare mainly used by Scouts. Used to find hidden monsters.
A rubbing of Lydia Schaffen requested by the Quarrel Shooter Master for testing.
A jewel suffering from a very powerful curse. It seems to be continuously calling to someone.
Jar of fire obtained from Mothstems. Mothstems treasure them.
Blue Fisherman Bones. It too small to hold.
Feels terrible
The beak of a Harpeia. It is very sharp.
When you're in a pinch, it helps you easily foil your foes. Pow!
A rope with a noose attached to it. Used for throwing and tying up enemies.
Letter of introduction that Sapper Master wrote to the Highlander Master
Confirmation from the Highlander Master that you accomplished all of the necessary requirements for advancement.
A crystal that holds Tanu's ability to purify.
Liquid extracted from Gorge Metoses. It is used as an ingredient in medicine used for alleviating mental illness symptoms.
Notes on the relic as dictated by Kepeck.{nl}Only the shape and size of the relics are noted.
A torn letter found from a dead body. Let's find a place to place the relics.
A scroll describing the secret moves of the legendary thief, Zubeck. Grants 1 Stat Point when used.
Gem containing an aura of fire. It will be helpful to the Goddess Gabija.
A herb that makes one feel languid.
A flower with a powerful fragrance. There is a rumor that souls inhabit this flower.
A bomb made to prevent monsters from advancing into Andale Village.
The chemical essence of the Languid Herb has been concentrated for use in this bomb.
A bait used to attract Sparnas. It made by lumping together old grains.
Supplies requested by the supplier to be delivered to the Danus' unit.
A pouch of supplies looted by Vubbes. Let's take these to Yukurt to investigate the odd behaviour of the Vubbes.
It's oil that reeks with a Ducky's scent.
Full of tools used to repair the scarecrow.
A marker found from Chapparition. The voices of the killed innocents echo from it.
A necklace that a ghost asked you to take to his younger brother. A modest pendant is attached to it.
A bag full of money. What was the Reaper doing with this?
The messenger's note. He told you not to read it but... Should we?
There are verses on it to appease the souls of those who died while researching the Royal Mausoleum.
A page torn from a book. It looks like the author is Shaman Show.
A pilgrim's mark swallowed by a monster. The owner is nowhere to be found.
Coben gave you this key, saying it opened a locked box. Let's look for this box.
The practice wood carving is completely broken.
The broken practice wood carving has fixed. It has been reinforced to be more durable.
Log required to fix the practice wood carving
Rope required to fix the scarecrow
An orb necessary to complete the spell that wakes the Sleeping Owls to aid Gaigalas.
Unstable Holy Spear. It cannot be used in its current state.
Giant canine obtained from the Minotaur of Roxona Marketplace
Parts needed for a new trap devised by the Sapper Master.
A trinket belonging to the old Legwyn Family
A holy relic used by the Krivis as a symbol of their faith. Lost in the city by someone.
Material requested by Sculptor Tesla
Offering envelope embossed with the Pardoner's Crest
Mali Seeds obtained from killing Malis.
A scroll to summon a Destructive Shaman Doll
Part of a broken enchantment used to protect Mazas' nest. Can it be restored?
A material that is needed to wake up the Nepenthes. It doesn't catch fire in its current state.
The fat of a Mallardu that was well preserved and will burn easily. Wake Nepenthes with it.
It must be gathered from the Nepenthes while it's alive for it to have any effect.
Secretion that can be used to attract Biteregina
An enemy killed with this charm attached to them will join your side!
The first revelation found in the Crystal Mine. Readable.
Rodelin's eye. It is said to be able to erase an enemy's senses.
Material needed to create a Holy Bomb. It must be purified before it can be used.
Material needed to create a Holy Bomb. The purified result of a Vicious Essence.
Consuming this will prevent demons from detecting your presence!
The bomb with the sacred power. You can defeat Glizardon at once!
Once the scroll is used, one can distinguish which Hogmas are wearing necklaces.
On the back "To ...oved Rukl...s, Lydia." is visible.
A skirt hem obtained by defeating Pawndel and Pawnd. Material needed to make the Demon Transform Scroll.
A bucket used to hold water. Seems like a rope can be tied to it.
A very long rope. Seems like something can be tied to it.
Use this scroll to transform into Pawndel or Pawnd.
A Power Crystal processed and filled with the power of light. It can release the enchantment that binds the sealed church gates.
Old and muddy necklace dropped by someone long ago.
Wooden arrow used by High Vubbe Archers. It might be useful for kindling.
Ingredient necessary to make the Crude Divining Rod used to search for the First Tombstone Fragment. You need to collect a lot of them.
A divining rod used to search for the First Tombstone Fragment which has been hidden somewhere underground. Looks weak enough to be broken by even the slightest amount of force.
The sap of a stumpy tree requested by hawker Eden. Its powerful medical properties have made it a highly valued commodity.
A tool used to collect the sap of a Tree Ambulo.
The first part of the lost Ruklys monument
The second part of the lost Ruklys monument
The third part of the lost Ruklys monument
The fourth part of the lost Ruklys monument
The Fifth Tombstone Fragment is mixed into this pile of debris.
A finished part of the lost Ruklys monument
There are illegible words written on it.
The second revelation found in the Tenet Church. Readable.
A package that Treasure Hunter Eden asked you to deliver to Epigraphist Raymond.
A fragment prepared so Epigraphist Schmid can easily restore it.
The first rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
The second rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
The third rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
The fourth rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
The fifth rubbing of Lydia Schaffen's tombstone. Read what's inside.
Experimental materials requested by Necromancer Drasius. Take it to Drasius.
Waterweed that grows in the Clearawl Brook. Drasius uses it when summoning powerful spirits.
If you defeat a Lizardman after using this stone, it will follow you.
If you defeat a Infroburk after using this stone, it will follow you.
A tool given to you by Hunter Talas to make rubbings of Lydia Schaffen's Monuments.
An arrowhead hardened by fire to be used against Infroburks.
Charcoal obtained from defeating a Long-Branched Tree. Touching it leaves a black stain.
A bomb that can light the Long-Branched Tree on fire.
A revelation that Bramble had. It's unreadable - let's take it to Goddess Saule.
It is said to be able to wake the sleeping Boowook.
A Zolem's Magic Stone needed to lure a Unicorn.
A trophy taken from a defeated Unicorn. Let's take it to the Fedimian Army Officer.
A cork stopper that was sealing the oil barrel.
Tools used for brewing
A claw of a Rambear that lurks in the petrified city of Verkti Square.
A water bottle engraved with a password to find the grave robber Benjaminas hidden among the guards of the Petrified City of Verkti Square.
A map that looks ancient. It looks like it will crumble.
A fragrant stone powder obtained from monsters in the petrified city of Verkti Square.
Meat loaf that can be easily obtained from Kepo. However, you can't eat it as is.
The inner layer of bark dug out from a tree on the Starving Demon's Way. Don't eat too much of it.
An item exchanged between lovers as a symbol of their love. A cute music box that fits into a small pouch.
A piece of a Kepari's flesh torn off while hunting. The disgusting smell make it impossible to eat.
The leaf bud of an Asellu grown on the Starving Demon's Way. It has many practical uses in crafting and in medicine.
Unidentifiable food scraps. Can be used as monster bait. When a monster comes into sight, you can throw it by pressing the V key.
An energy source sprinkled by the Tree Root Crystal. These need to be collected to remove the contamination.
It reveals monsters that killed pilgrims with the Curse of Rage when sprayed on them.
Altar Flower Offering
A flower to be offered on the altar to soothe angry souls.
Water for cleaning plaster powder off after repairing the Goddess Statue. It is very clean.
Water from a small brook in the Forest of Prayer.{nl}It looks potable.
Dew gathered from a tombstone early in the morning. One might have qualms against it, but it can be drunk.
Medicine created by the pilgrim, Theophilis. He claims it will ward off curses.
The Succubus' eyes with the [Necklace of Greed - Stamina] lodged in it. Theophilis can probably extract the necklace if we take it to him.
A piece of a honeycomb that emits a strong and sweet scent.
An unidentified piece of a demonic stone that was put on the altar.
A piece of honeycomb that is sweet to the tongue.
The crystal of a spirit filled with a holy aura.
A scripture containing the power of sacred texts.
A scripture containing a bishop's soul.{nl}It's able to call up the bishop at any time.
A teardrop-shaped jewel.{nl}Required to find Maven's key.
A round jewel. Required to find Maven's key.
The first key of Maven. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
Keepsake of a guard who was petrified by the frost in the petrified city of Roxona Marketplace.
A backpack filled with tools necessary to start a farm.
A branch of a bee tree containing the power of Goddess Austeja.
The ash of a demon incinerated by Goddess Austeja's power.
An orb that can destroy demonic enchantments. You can gather magic by using it around Austeja's Altar.
Material to make a scarecrow.
Wood of the appropriate length and width to make a scarecrow. It will make an amazing scarecrow.
Curse energy that has been condensed.{nl}Spat out from a monster as it died.
The third revelation found in the Thorn Forest. Readable.
The fourth revelation found in the Royal Mausoleum. Readable.
It cannot be read yet. Take it to Saule for interpretation.
Tool used to make a rubbing of the petrified book found on Ruklys Street.
Tool used to find out the past disaster of Ruklys Street
A symbol originally decorating the Austeja Altar. It was broken during the monsters' attack.
A symbol containing Goddess Austeja's power, it has the ability to block demonic powers.
A package that the merchant Dulke lost.{nl}It contains sundry goods.
A sweet-smelling jelly that can bring the Spring Light Grass out from hiding.
Mysterious grass that arises from the ground when it smells honey.
The second key of Maven. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
The third key of Maven. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
The fourth key of Maven. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
The fifth key of Maven. It is said that all 5 keys must be gathered to reach the revelation.
Symbol than can supply magic energy to the Veinika altar. The magical energies of the altar have discharged over the long years.
A cloudy liquid with something trapped in it.{nl}Is it really a solvent?
He claims that taking this will give the user resistance against wicked energies... Let's test it out on monsters.
A herb needed to treat Naktis' curse.
Experimental Medicine
Meat stuffed full of medicine that cures gluttony's curse. It must be force fed to cursed pilgrims.
An old document that describes how one can turn into a demon. Read what's inside.
A material needed to make a Demon Transform Scroll. A lot of it is needed.
A scroll that allows the user to transform into a demon at any time. The type of demon depends on the materials used to make it, however.
A key retrieved from a servant of Naktis.
Meat from a monster that can be dedicated to a sanctum. Because it's a lean part of the meat, it doesn't smell that much.
A crest that can find monsters that have eaten the sanctum's insignia.{nl}It's a symbol of the Cleric Master's faith.
The tough leather of a monster. Its toughness makes it watertight.
The sixth revelation found in the Great Cathedral. Readable.
Literature regarding curses and the Demon Lord who controls them. It covers Naktis in depth.
Pilgrim Dallas' Corpse.
A tasty candy ball made for the workers at the petrifed city in Kaliss
Memento of a soldier who died to the Petrifying Frost.
An ingredient requested by Bokor Edita in order to call forth spirits.
An elixir that, when used on petrified people, summons their spirits.
When used on a monster that is being petrified, it thaws them out.
A petrified sample of a monster in the process of being petrified.
A comparatively well-reserved record from the Ruklys Era.
A scroll that contains powerful magic that blocks all sound. Use it on Gargoyle.
A jewel that contains the energy of fire.
A jewel that holds an unstable flame spirit.
1st Floor Entrance Purifier parts
1st Floor Center Purifier parts
1st Floor Passage Purifier Parts
Lubricant for the machinery in a mine.
Parts of the 2nd Floor's Primary Purifier that was broken by monsters.
Parts of the 2nd Floor's Primary Purifier that was broken by the Petrified Whale.
Mead that shows the craftsmanship of the brewer.
Material requested by the Peltasta Master
Meat for feeding the breeding hawks. Hawks like it.
The bead that could accumulate the spiritual power. You could either accumulate the spiritual power or pull it out based on how you use it.
A broken piece of the Eyes of Truth. It can only be restored if you collect all the pieces.
This allows you to see the substance of a soul. Use it on a unsubstantial monster.
Has the power to attract wandering souls.{nl}It's necessary to find a condensed grudge.
A memo written by Hones about a teacher's said. You can know how to release the device installed at Underground Grave of Ritinis. Readable.
A space magic stone fragment of the broken contract. In order to work correctly, it seems to need the restore operation.
When you collect more space magic stones, you will reach the hidden place of the master.
A magic stone used to move the Teleport. You can go a hidden place of the teacher.
A powder contained the spirit of holy purification gave by Vita. You can purify the evil spirit to use it.
Remains tied to the contract with the demons. Not free even in death.
The skeleton that is tied to the contract of the demons. It can't be free even after the death.
A seal that has the power to suppress all the magical power that Valius created in his lifetime.
Can be exchanged for a Velheider at the Companion Shop
Can be exchanged for a hawk at the Companion Shop.
The seal of Legwyn Family. It broke long time ago so only parts of it are remaining.
An unknown kingdom's military flag. The flag is too damaged to make out which army's it is.
A relic of one who died with such strong regret that you can still feel it. It is unknown what kind of person the owner was, or when and how that person died.
The monster who was the sign of a weak armor. Movement speed increased slightly.
The activation core of the petrification detector that Cryomancer Kostas asked you to retrieve.
Military supplies stolen from the Royal Army's guards by Dico Doguldan.
Rubbing of the petrified book on Ruklys Street
Supply covered with monster's odor. It smells terrible.
A powerful bomb that can make a big fuss after a certain time.
A sticky liquid that can attach even heavy items to anything.
A dangerous bomb that will explode soon after being thrown.
Bomb with a high power output. It is extremely loud.
A propaganda to encourage the surrender sprayed by Royal Army when the rebellion, 600 years ago.
Research on the Petrifying Frost requested by the Knights of Kaliss.
A lengthy advertisement noting the kingdom's honor and pride.
A mark containing Blut's power. He seems to have distributed them among his underling demons.
An orb that Kupole Arune used to interrogate demons. Hauberk's aid is needed.
A crystal blessed with spatial powers by Goddess Vakarine. It has been modified by Zydrone, so that humans can use it.
Hauberk's soul divided itself in order to escape.
A spectrum sphere created by Kupole Daiva to keep watch on demons. It can be used to find the hiding Hauberk.
A rune containing the power of Goddess Vakarine.{nl}It absorbs the souls of demons.
A trinket left by adventurers who entered the Demon Prison. It seems they were killed by demons.
A token fragment dropped from the Rada Seal. Evidence that Dionys spread riots after he lost his ego.
A claw found stuck in a demon. It looks like it was attacked by Dionys.
Kupole Sigita says that other demons will take this tooth as a warning.
Workers used to use this while constructing the Fortress of the Land. You can easily cause it to explode with fire.
A strong scented grass that attracts monsters. Rubbing this onto objects will make monsters surround the objects and protect them from danger.
Digested, severely Damaged Artifacts. They can only barely be recognized by their shape.
decisions that are found in the petrified monster prolonged exposure to frost. When processing occurs on the Petrifying Frost immunity for a while.
horsepower catalyst that can be obtained from monsters exposed to steam. It can be reacted in the vapor horsepower.
Formine Armor parts. It protects one's shoulders.
Formine Armor parts. It is used to pad one's back.
Formine Armor parts. The part that wraps around one's waist.
The tough root of a Red Large Kepa. An ingredient needed for the abdominal section of a front plate.
The leather of a Jukopus. It can be used to make the abdominal section of a back plate.
Kindling that was carried by monsters. The wood was dried out more than usual and is useful for maintaining a fire.
A rare, cold body fluid that can be found from monsters. Use it to cool the altar.
A bag containing a variety of alchemical tools.
A piece of paper that had been swallowed by a monster. It looks like someone's portrait.
A picture frame that had been swallowed by a monster. There is evidence that something was put in here before.
A scroll that allows you to teleport to the Pardoner Master. Even though it is available only when there is a problem with the sanctum, buying a lot of these would be unreasonable.
A strong rope obtained from a monster.{nl}It is useful to tie something with it.
Hardtack that was hidden in a grass pile by someone. There is dirt on it.
The leaf of a sweet herb. When chewed while taking a bitter medicine, it covers the taste with its sweetness.
A fully grown white radish freshly picked from the fields. It looks healthy, without blemish.
Timber that looks usable as firewood. Burn it in a pile in the magic circle.
Magic doll that Rimas gave to Arunas. It removes unusual energies when burned in a magic circle.
The bottle which Wizard Limas gave you. It is just a normal bottle.
A bottle one third of the way filled with the evil aura of an Ellum. It must be fully filled.
A bottle two thirds of the way filled with the evil aura of an Ellum. It is nearly full.
A bottle fully filled with the evil aura of an Ellum.
A bottle one third of the way filled with the evil aura of a Keposeed. It must be fully filled.
A bottle two thirds of the way filled with the evil aura of a Keposeed. It is nearly full.
A bottle filled with a Keposeed's wicked aura
The head of a small statue.{nl}What kind of statue could it be?
The torso of a small statue.{nl}Its hands are clasped together.
The lower half of a small statue.{nl}It is hard to identify due to its fragmentation.
The wings of a small statue.{nl}The wings don't seem avian.
A wooden hammer that is used to open kegs.{nl}Poorly made, it is not very durable.
Mucus that a monster spat out. Seems like it would make a good adhesive base.
Sack of grain retrieved from monsters.{nl}Some of it has been eaten.
A bitter drink that imbues its consumer with strength.
A wooden Rod cut from nearby structures.{nl}There are plans to make it into a weapon.
Leather obtained from monsters.{nl}It can be used to create a variety of weapons.
The pot that could accumulate the poison from monsters. It looks really old.
A plow for ploughing fields. It has a keen blade.
A spade for clearing weeds. It has a sharp point.
Farm equipment for making furrows. It has a sharp point.
Farm equipment for removing stones. It is well made.
Farm equipment for separating fields. It has a lot of sharp points.
The letter Horacius wrote for borrowing the farm equipment. Readable.
A Niole pulled out to its roots.{nl}Its root and leaves can be used for consumption.
A magic stone made by Joana.{nl}They say it can be used to destroy magic circles.
A seed pouch stolen by monsters.{nl}There are nibble marks on it.
An unidentifiable lump of meat. Smells fishy.
Wing of an Orange Dandel. Seems flammable.
Part 2 of Varkis' research found at Dykyne Fork. Readable.
Part 3 of Varkis' research found at Neck Cliff of Snake. Readable.
Part 4 of Varkis' research found nearby Apati Cliff. Readable.
Part 4 of Varkis' research. Readable.
Said to reveal monsters that have killed pilgrims under the Curse of Rage when sprayed on them. However, this is still experimental.
Monster have collected a variety of tools stolen from humans. It should be possible to find a rubbing tool here when searching properly.
It can turn body fluids into acids. Be careful not to touch it.
Body fluid of a monster that has turned into an acid. Handle it carefully.
A liquid extract obtained from Craute grass. Monsters like it.
Common bone powder. It can be used to make a sticky liquid that helps ink stick to surfaces.
A rubbing of a tombstone given to you by the aspiring Oracle Adrijus at Nuoridin Falls. It says, "The world for the dead of the dead should also exist". It was written by another Oracle-in-training a long time ago, so its importance isn't clear yet.
A crudely made shovel. It has poor durability and looks like it will break after a single use.
The container with full of lure traps that were given by Blacksmith. When you shake it, lure traps will fall from it.
A sticky liquid obtained from monsters. It can be used as an adhesive.
A bundle of dry brush gathered up. Looks like it would burn well.
A journal recorded by Eitbaras. It records the inscriptions on the tombstones at the Namu Temple Ruins.
A bone fragment from a Halloventor Archer. It can be used as an anti-rusting agent.
The metal plate that Eustace is looking for. Heavily rusted from sitting in the well for so long.
A cord and magnet that Eustace gave to you. If you attach the rope to the well's pulley system, you can get the metal plate at the bottom.
Rust powder scraped off a rusty metal plate. Some monsters will react to it.
A bubbling liquid. Mix it with an acidic solution to create a rust remover.
Corrosives given to you by Alwida. It can corrode metal plates.
A metal plate that was laid below vines. It's in good condtion.
A stick obtained from monsters. It's uniquely metallic.
A stone with an unusual aura. By rubbing it against a stick one can make a Detection Rod.
A Detection Rod that can find metal plates. Crudely made, and looks like it won't last long.
An essence crafted using the core of the Soul Compactor Terminal. Material used to craft the orb that will be used to destroy the Soul Compactor and also allows you to get the detonator for the orb.
Magical Orb and core of the Soul Compactor terminal crafted from the Soul Essence made by Svitri Gaila and a detonator. When used on the Soul Compactor, it will destroy it through the overloading of souls.
Keepsakes of the soldiers who came to repair the stone detection device.
The relics of soldiers who died protecting the Miners' Village.
Food that the Vubbes plundered in the Miners' Village. Some of it has been eaten.
Material required to compensate for the Peltasta's assistance.
Priest Yosana's research report. It contains information on the expression of curses. Readable.
Priest Roana's research report. It contains information on lifting curses. Readable.
Priest Prosit's research report. It contains information on the effects of curses and how they propagate. Readable.
A relic that was once treasured by the Church has, unfortunately, been discarded across the Great Cathedral.
An orb that can detect holy power.{nl}It can help the user find the Graceful Relic.
A sample of a demon to solve the secret of the curse.
The sealed research report that describes the curses that Priest Yosana gathered together.{nl}The priest said it disappeared in an instant.
It can cleanse demonic fluids with the holy aura of the Great Cathedral. Try using it on demons.
A holy relic from the Church.{nl}It is said that it can hide its appearance when sensing nearby evil energy.
A curse that is constantly spreading.{nl}It can't be destroyed in the usual way.
A dagger which was placed on top of a piece of leather carved with a magic circle.{nl}Something about it feels ominous.
A Lizardman's sharp claw. The mysterious saplings react to it.
A soil sample collected from around the Farmer's Cabin. It is severely polluted.
A soil sample collected from around the Abandoned Workshop. It is severely polluted.
Body fluid extracted from an Orange Tama.{nl}It is used for druid purification ceremonies.
A small box found with seedlings. It's full of seeds.
A dirty bag. Miren's name is embroidered on the inside.
White fur cut from a Rambear.{nl}It's grey, as if it's been dirtied.
The root of a grape vine requested by Researcher Monahan. It looks healthy, unlike its stem.
Pieces of a Stumpy Tree's horn. The farm supervisor said he must have it.
An antidote that can heal the poisoned farmers.{nl}Get it to them as soon as possible.
A wooden branch containing druidic powers.{nl}It is said that it can subdue monsters.
A stone bowl filled with water.{nl}The strange aura it emits seems to attract monsters.
A golden necklace carved with the symbol of the Shaton family. It's covered in blood.
A medicine bag that Steward Valen ordered from Klaipeda. It contains the drug to cure an internal disease.
A monster sample requested by Researcher Gareth. Will this reveal why the crops have been suffering?
A monster sample requested by the Pyromancer.{nl}It is still warm.
An antidote that can heal the poisoned miners. The Hunter Master knows the recipe.
Leather carved with an unknown symbol.{nl}It looks like a magic circle.
A potion obtained from the Hunter Master. It makes an antidote when mixed with a Ridimed Leaf.
An ingredient to make an antidote.
Poison from an unidentified dagger. It seems to be related with the leather marked with a magic circle.
A scarecrow created by Louise
A device that controls the growth of monsters. It seems to also work on crops.
An antidote recipe written by the Hunter Master. Combine the detoxifying solvent with the Ridimed Leaf.
A sample of monsters that was requested by Pyromancer
It can suppress magic when set up in areas where there is strong magic.
The crystal which leads to a mysterious place.
A special potion that only Charlotte knows how to make. It causes plants to wither and die.
A censer in which Vaidotas has put in a special combination of incenses. The scent weakens Vubbes.
Chemical agents that cause Vubbes to hallucinate, preventing them from approaching the entrance.
A lump from a Moa, a predator of Pantos. It smells awful.
A Fisherman's eye. It feels like it's staring at you.
A dying essence found in an Ellom's body. It's sticky.
An Eye of the Soul that can see hidden souls. It was made by the Bokor Master by request from Knight-Commander Oscar, who was investigating the Klaipeda Market missing person incident.
A necessary ingredient to make the straw doll.
An orb prepared by the Bokor Master in order to soothe the souls of the unjustly slain people of the town of Andale.
An Orb of Comfort that has been fully filled. It can soothe the souls of the unjustly slain people of the town of Andale.
A magical tool of the Cryomancer Master. It can freeze even the soul of a monster.
A fragment of a monster's soul, solidified in a frosty crystal.
An orb made by Zubeck used to easily find his secret stash.
A script needed for repairing the sealed tower in the Uskis Arable Land.
Resounding Bomb Materials
A potion that the Royal Army had. Used when making a Resounding Bomb.
A bomb discovered in the Outpost area. Seems like it's become a dud.
A box with tools to safely remove bombs
Ruklys Army Seal
Ruklys Parchment.
Royal Army Guard's Used Spear.
Royal Army Guard's Equipped Armor
bomb crafted to protect the camp from monster's attack
The materials to make the certification
Something helpful to safely pass the magic device.
The book of a soldier from Ruklys' army in the past. Lots of things are written on it.
A ring obtained from a soldier's relics
The fifth revelation found at the Mage Tower. Readable.
A sample of the poisonous wedge needle used to attack the monks. The Hunter Tracking Master might be able to identify it.
An antidote that the Hunters always have them with.{nl}It instantly cures a simple poison.
Ebonypawn's trap. It's in perfect condition.
A treasured sheet of Monk Wiley's scripture.{nl}It looks like they were scattered during the uproar.
A commonly found mushroom in the Thorn Forest.{nl}It seems it must be cooked in order to be edible.
A piece of a Rocktor's leg. Can be used in weapons due to its shape and hardness.
A thorn found on the Chafperor's forearm. Venom oozes from it.
A thorn tree that grows on wicked energies. Its thorns are poisonous.
Water from the spring. It's been contaminated with poison.
A bowl used to extract the poison out of the contaminated spring water. There's a hollow spot in which the poison collects.
A leaf attached to the head of a Woodluwa. It can be used as an ingredient for an antidote.
A medicinal herb that Chevas from the Bastille Company was looking for. He says it will aid against poisonous attacks.
It's an empty beehive without any honey in it. Where is the honey?
A sweet-smelling secretion from a Woodluwa. It can soften hardened honeycombs.
A large cap from the head of a liverwort plant. It exudes a strange smell.
A fragment that broke off a Stonecon. It twitches ever so slightly.
An old book from the grave of a dead man. Hunter Natasha may be able to find something of use from this book.
A letter found in an old book left behind by a dead man. It contains an order for an assassination as well as a confirmation of its execution.
An aquatic plant that grows in watery environments. It can filter and purify water.
A crystal ball found in a wooden box at the monastery. Used to activate the device in the prayer hall.
A strong potion used for removing odors. It has an antiseptic scent to it.
Scriptures that were scattered by rampaging monsters. Bring them to Mohaim.
A torch received from Higgith. It is used to cremate bodies.
 - 8% chance to reduce damage by 50% when hit
Shaman Doll Core
A core that was used as a power source. Improper handling may result in a massive explosion. {nl}Obtained from Shaman Dolls.
A core that was used as a power source. Improper handling may result in a massive explosion. {nl}Obtained from Black Shaman Dolls.
Shaman Doll Cotton
A cotton good for heat insulation. {nl}Obtained from Shaman Dolls.
Comprehensive Research Data
A lot of work was put into all of this research data.
Lv3 Gem Abrasive
Lv4 Gem Abrasive
Lv5 Gem Abrasive
Roxona Civil War, Chapter 1
The first book written about the Roxona Civil War. It appears readable.
Roxona Civil War, Chapter 2
The second book written about the Roxona Civil War. It appears readable.
A record of the Ruklys Era. It's hardly readable.
Scroll of Silence
Food Pouch
A food pouch given by the Falconer Master.
Monk Master's Support Supplies
Supplies that were secretly delivered by the Monk Master.
Pardoner Master's Books
A book with some of the Pardoner Master's transactions recorded in it.
Plant Monster Sample
A plant monster sample for a study requested by the Druid Master.
Romuva Purification
It purifies evil energy with the power of the Romuva.
Flare
Locked Box
A locked box, found while exiting Astral Tower, that has several things inside of it.
Dark Blue Herb
A dark blue herb capable of neutralizing a paralysis-inducing poison.
Shadow Essence
Obtained from the demons of Demon Lord Hauberk around the Sutatis Trade Route.
Fragmented Soul Piece
The soul of Demon Lord Hauberk dwells within this fragment. It can be used to neutralize demons.
Soul Separation Potion
A potion made by Agailla Flurry to fulfill a promise to Demon Lord Hauberk. It's impossible to determine its function through name alone.
Blue Paint
Paint requested by Pardoner Erikas for the Scroll of the Dead.
Corrupt Fangs
An item containing magic that can weaken the power of blessed items.
Scroll of the Dead
According to Pardoner Erikas, this scroll can be used to communicate with the souls of the dead. Use it nearby the tomb of Galius Legwyn.
Spirit Incense
An incense that can lead one to the memories of the spirits. Used for the Scroll of the Dead.
Gum Plant Stems
A pile of gum plant stems. They can be used to recall a spirits from beyond the grave.
Blessing Crystal
A blessed crystal which will allow you to return to Pardoner Erikas' forest.
Soul Stone of Hauberk
This fragment contains a piece of Demon Lord Hauberk's soul. Hauberk left it temporarily as a sign of his trust.
A voodoo doll that Rimas gave to Arunas.{nl}When burned in a magical circle, it removes the evil aura.
Petrification Detector Parts
Parts to fix the petrification detector at Coastal Fortress. Pray for the lives of the volunteer soldiers.
Barrier Stone Core
A core containing spirit energy. Bring it to Svitrigaila.
Petrified Last Breath
The last breath that a monster took before it was petrified.
Condensed Barrier Stone Core
A barrier stone core that was able to be condensed. Using it during synthesis allows you to use another material as a detonator.
Magical orb made from a magical core and a detonator. Using it to aggravate spirit energy will cause the energy to overload and explode.
Noctiluca Scintillans
A monster that converts its food into an oil that glows in the water it lives in.
Monster Oil
An oil that Noctiluca Scintillans produces from their food.
Luminous Moss
Moss that glows in the daytime. You can easily see it on rocks.
Viscous Liquid
A thick liquid that can be obtained from any monster.
First Pillar Piece
The first pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
Second Pillar Piece
The second pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
Third Pillar Piece
The third pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
Fourth Pillar Piece
The fourth pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan Patterns.
Weathered Stone
A stone that's been dug up. It could be used to repair the sanctuary if it's refined.
Refined Stone Materials
Stone materials used to repair the sanctuary.
Flammable Powder
A powder that is used in fireworks or other flares. Often obtained from monsters.
Pieces of Leather
Many people report all kinds of engraved words in these pieces.
Nestos' Holy Water
It is said that holy water from the Nestos will protect the sanctuary from demons.
A notice board that was passed from Gerda. Put it on the place you've heard of.
Kedorlaomer Merchant's Scroll
A scroll thats provides you the same benefits as a Kedorlaomer Merchant.
Goddess' Censer
A divine object which Jurate looked for. It was lost due to Medzio Diena. Only the merchants can read the intaglios that are written on it, which some contain prophecies and regulations. What's written on it is actually becoming a reality.
Damp Piece of Paper
Only obtainable by killing monsters.
This will help you find sacred items.
Glass Bottle with Ink
A special ink contained within a glass bottle. This special ink was vital for important documents. When important documents needed to be hidden, this ink was used. It's been tossed away and buried since Medis Diena.
Merchant's Records Piece
A paper that is likely to contain the records of the Kedorlaomer Merchants. You cannot see clearly what is written on it since monsters used to have it.
Trap
A trap for capturing monsters. As soon as it's placed, it'll start to attract the attention of monsters.
Fresh Body Fluid
Fluids extracted from captured monsters.
Stone Material
Lime Powder
This, combined with water, can be used as a mortar to build up stones.
Chisel
Transparent Shell
A transparent shell obtained from monsters. It's thick, and doesn't allow water to pass through it.
Leather Strap
Sturdy leather strap obtained from monsters. It's difficult to write in books until you bind them with this.
Anvil for Tanning
Lump of Sturdy Strings for Bookbinding
The string to bind a book which was made with sticky liquid obtained from a monster.
Rud Merchant's Records
A page that contains the records of the Rud Merchants.
The research materials which Gedas talked about. The amount is enormous.
Lizardman Leather
The leather of an Orange Lizardman. It might show a reaction to the mysterious seedlings.
Thunderous Herb
An ingredient that is needed for making a Resounding Bomb. It makes a lot of noise depending on how you use it.
A bomb carried by the kingdom army guards to face against the monsters.
It is not destructive, but it makes a lot of noise.
Old Unexploded Bomb
An old unexploded bomb that was discovered in the outpost area.
Bomb Disassembly Toolbox
A box containing the tools that to disassemble a bomb.
You found the Ruklys Army Seal from the monsters. You better show it to Wilhelmina Carriot.
You have obtained the parchment from the monsters. You better show it to Wilhelmina Carriot.
Wood for Barricades
Wood made of adequate sizes to set a barricade.
Mushroom
Rajatad's Egg
Demon's Source of Life
Demon Bones
The bones of a demon. It's a required material to make something to bind a soul with.
Restraint Token
It is used to restrain spirits.
The Owl Sculpture created by the Dievdirbys Master.
Parts
The parts that are required to repair equipment.
Demon's Blood
This item is required to activate the magic circle.
Power Device
Rebel Army Diary, Chapter 1
A memo written by the soldiers of Ruklys.
Rebel Army Diary, Chapter 2
Rebel Army Diary, Chapter 3
Rebel Army Diary, Chapter 4
Document
A document written about the device to resist against the demons at the Fortress Battlegrounds.
Revelation of Fortress of the Land
The seventh revelation found in the Fortress of the Land. Readable.
Horn
A horn that is used when making an order to retreat
Gravekeeper's Match
Matches that you have received from Sigis. They are useful for cremating the dead.
A doll from the grave keeper that possesses magic.
A soul stone that absorbs the thoughts of the resurrected dead when they were alive.
Gintas' Flint
A stone that has the property to burn easily. You should be careful so that the flame doesn't get on it.
This is the token of the religious body of the tree of the truth.
Manor Owner List
A list that contains the names of the manor owners at the Kaliss region. You will need a bonfire to burn it.
Evil Magic Trace
A black crystal that was obtained from the resurrected dead. It's a trace of the evil magic that resurrected the dead.
Hidden List (1)
A part of the list of the manor owners which Carlyle hid. Currently unreadable.
Hidden List (2)
Hidden List (3)
Hidden List (4)
Leja's Requested Herb
The herb requested by Leja
Paralysis Powder for Ferrets
The paralysis powder that you have received from Leja. When you sprinkle this powder, you can temporarily paralyze a Ferret.
Stolen Food by Ferrets
Food that was was stolen by ferrets.
Gigantic Fruit Juice
Fruit juice extracted from of a gigantic fruit that a ferret obtained. It is in the container made up of fruit peels.
Corrupted Red Water
Corrupted water from an old well. When you drink it, you will suffer pain.
A sculpture of peace carved by Dievdirbys Widas. When you place it, the ferrets around you will be calmed.
Drowsy Herb
Grass that makes someone drowsy. You should be careful not to lose your consciousness.
Drowsy Scent
A scent created by Druid Leja using the herb. When you spread the scent, the ferrets nearby will become unconscious.
Assistant Commander Gomen's Given Memo
The objective to activate the shrine is written on one of the magical circle shrines.
Truflelia's Furry Leather
Trifelium hair that was taken off as a whole with the leather. You feel warmth by just looking at it
Flint
Among black rocks from the plain, there are many of them that can be used as flints.
Message from Mesafasla
A message from the Mesafasla army to the Stogas squad.
Blue Bird Meat
You would be able to eat it after cooking it.
Plateau Potatoes
These are the main food of the people living in the plateau region.
Usable Bar Fragment
It looks like it can be used as a caltrop if you polish it well.
Worg Body Fluid
Unlike its appearance, it is effective in reducing fever.
Horace's Handknife
Although it doesn't look sharp, it is still a decent handknife to peel off barks from trees.
Plateau Tree's Inner Barks
When there is no food, you should at least consume this to survive.
 - 5% chance to inflict [Burn] on an enemy for 10 seconds
Elements
[Incomplete] There is no tooltip.
Crystal Rapier
Rapier [Thrust]
Fleuret
Cannon
Cannon [Missile]
Cannon
Rifle
Rifle [Missile]
 - Movement Speed +100
A costume fitting for any activity, whether it's for looking into a crystal ball, for knitting or for swinging a weapon.
Cannon Shell
Permanently increases your HP by 50. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lv1 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 20 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv2 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 25 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv3 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 30 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv4 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 35 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv5 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 40 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
When a demon loses its power, it will also lose its hair, but it may remain in rare circumstances. {nl}Obtained from Elma.
A rare leather. Even if you find Harugal, you should overcome the danger to obtain this. {nl}Obtained from Harugal.
Although it's not thick, its density is high, so it is heavy. {nl}Obtained from Minos.
The research materials from Gedas. After you have completed the quest of Gedas, right-click to use it.
Grass Leaf Ointment
Red Leaf
Rampar Mucus
An usable object
Priest Irma's Memo Page
Priest Irma's Memo
Half-burned Note
Urbonas' Diary
Monster Attractant
Priest Gelija's Memo
Supplies for calling someone
Urbonas' Memo
Corrupted Blood
Chasers' Pouch
Red Essence
Black Wooden Piece
Demon Sack
Unstable Demonic Stone
Shining Pearl Powder
Pearly Orb
Demons' Order
Priest's Bag
A bandage soaked in divine water
Mysteriously Light Emanating Crystal
A crystal that emanates a unique light. {nl}Obtained from the monsters at Galeed Plateau.
Oil of the monsters that creates the mysterious light.
Kedora Merchant Alliance Scroll
A scroll thats provides you the benefits of the Kedora Merchant Alliance.
Kedora Merchant Alliance Educational Material
Instructions used for teaching newcomers of the Kedora Merchant Alliance. It is written with ink made of with the blood from monsters.
Nestos' Sign
Nestos' Sign
A material to make a certification. It looks delicious.
Earth Crystal
A material to make a certification. The energies of the earth were absorbed from a monster.
The egg of the monster. It's an ingredient to make the Restraint Token.
The bones of a demon. What are these for?
Absorption Orb
An orb that can make a person feel uncomfortable. It absorbs the vitalities of demons.
Forcibly restrain a spirit from the Ruklys Era.
Owl Sculpture Sack
A sack containing the owl sculpture that was created by the Dievdirbys Master. It should be assembled.
Defensive Trap Part
A required component to repair the device of Ruklys. Look for similar components.
Bracken Herb
Paralysis Powder for Ferrets
The paralysis powder that you have received from Leja. When you sprinkle this powder, you can temporarily paralyze a ferret...
Stolen Food by Ferrets
The stolen food by ferrets.
Fruit juice extracted from of a gigantic fruit that a ferret obtained. It is in the container made up of fruit peels.
A sculpture of peace carved by Dievdirbys Widas. When you place it, the ferrets around you will be calmed.
A scent created by Druid Leja using the herb. When you spread the scent, the ferrets nearby will become unconscious.
The orb that was left by the Goddess Laima. You've received the message from Goddess Laima to rescue Goddess Lada.
Empty Scroll
Nothing is written on this scroll. As requested by Benes, you should write the behaviors of the ferrets on it.
Ferret Transformation Scroll
A transformation scroll that Benes gave to you. When you use it, you can transform into a ferret.
Mutated Wooden Piece
A piece of wood that mutated into an appearance of a child due to the spell of Druid Benes.
Terrible Scent
A terrible scent that was given by Druid Benes. When you spread it, the ferrets will run away.
Demons' Dirty Blood
The blood of a demon that you have obtained from a demon. When you sprinkle it on the device of absorbing vitalities, the device will break.
Purification Scroll
A scroll of purification created by the Orsha Master. It can purify the earth that is corrupted by the evil energy.
Earth Flower Seed
A seed of the Earth Flower. When you plant it, it will absorb the energy of the earth and the flower will grow.
Earth Flower of Vigor
A flower of the earth full of vitalities that grew on the land. You can feel its strong vitality.
Plague Doctor Helmet
Ever since the very first Paladin did, many people throughout the ages have guarded the Tenet Church. All those years of accumulated experience have been drawn upon to create this combination of power and convenience.
Most attempts at keeping plants in check with other plants after Medzio Diena have failed, but after the ability to drain the energy of plant monsters of a certain fern was discovered, it has been applied to weapons.
Equipment specialized against beast monsters have developed due to the environment of the Lucas Region. It is rare for a region to be as untouched by the Great Plant Cataclysm as Lucas, and this scarcity became the basis on which this equipment was produced.
It is uncommon for Kingdom fortresses to be built with wood or dirt. As such, it is a nuisance in strongly fortified regions when the stones or minerals that form castles become monsters and thus require effective weaponry when such incidents occur.
Agailla Flurry decided to leave one recipe in celebration of completing the epitaph. The recipe, which was all but forgotten for hundreds of years after her death, was only reevaluated after Medzio Diena. Only now the effectiveness of Flurry's recipe against insects is being highlighted.
The exact origins and creator of this weapon recipe are unknown. Some speculate that it was created by a nameless master, but most experts think that it was created incognito by someone famous due to certain circumstances.
One does not have to be a priest to embark on a pilgrimage. As long as they look up to the goddess and are on pilgrimage, it matters not if they are mage, archer, or of other professions. Of course, it helps if the weapon they are used to is threatening to demons.
In a certain period of history, the Istora region was famous as a retirement place for scholars. There was a temporary exchange of various academics in the region achieving new inventions and discoveries. The Istora Sword is one of those achievements.
The aim of the sacred pact centered around the Tenet Church is the eventual defeat of the Demon Queen. It is said that the creators of this sword prayed that it would be able to gravely wound the Demon Queen.
Magical application of the stealing energy from competing plants and secretion of harmful substances to weapons is a very difficult task. The fact that it succeeded in less than three years shows the urgency of the situation.
Regions with relatively less plant growth after Medzio Diena saw an increase in beast activity. This equipment is the result of such regional developments.
The stones and other material used to build the 3 layer castle wall near the capital rarely mutated into monsters. This was thanks to precautions against various catastrophies dating back to the founding of the kingdom. However, castles in other regions did not have such measures and now require weapons against monsters after Medzio Diena.
Agailla Flurry devised a magical weapon that had two advantages in which a non-mage could use it and would exhibit it's true value after Medzio Diena. However, it is still uncertain if she foresaw Medzio Diena.
There is a theory that even those who like to throw wild guesses approach with caution. The theory that the original creator of the Krag Sword, based on the techniques applied and when it was first produced, is Ruklys.
Despite the goddesses interacting with humans in numerous places, it was only natural for the places where they had been or performed miracles to overlap or converge. The production and spreading of goods for those people was inevitable.
According to certain radicalists, Istora weapons are said to utilize source energy of goddesses. There is no definate proof to their claims.
The aim of the sacred pact centered around the Tenet Church is the eventual defeat of the Demon Queen. The development of easy to handle weapons that are deadly to demons is only reasonable.
The application of plant regulation effects based on plants on to blunt weapons is even more difficult. It may weaken the weapon before being used on an enemy.
The Lukas Rod is one of the earliest applied examples of magic being used to fight beasts in this region.
Weapons made from weaker materials must be empowered with stronger magic as many Mutant-type monsters are relatively robust.
Insect monsters before Medzio Diena were few and less ferocious. Those were the good old days where a mage could make do with a simple magically enhanced weapon.
The people who support the Ruklys origin theory of this weapon say that Ruklys created them in order to give them to his diverse followers. The people that oppose the theory say that although Ruklys is indeed a talented warrior, he lacks the broad experience needed create different weapons.
Demons were the largest obstacle for pilgrims even before Medzio Diena. These weapons had become a dependable method of defense for pilgrims that could not afford bodyguards.
The opinion that Istora weapons are linked to divine power originating from the goddesses instead of magic or natural power is refuted by the fact that the weapon demonstrates its abilities against Mutant-type monsters.
The bowcrafters were once proud that their bow was created in an independent way and had nothing to do with the Astral Tower.
To craft this bow requires the effort of waiting for the moment a fern blooms at a special time in a place nobody can see. As a matter of fact, all magic that changes the life of a fern into death has roots in such custom rituals.
According to some, this weapon reacts to the unique scents of animals.
Projectile weapons must be crafted so the body itself becomes the magic source and continuously transfers energy and makes it so that the user does not need to be involved directly in the process. It is better if the weapon can recover magic on it's own instead of having to put in ample amounts of magic.
According to some, Agailla Flurry said that even Demon Lord Diena would have been easily defeated if this bow had been in the hands of Lydia Schaffen. Of course it would not be completely ineffective even in the hands of someone else.
Some say that the reason there is no record of Lydia Schaffen evaluating this bow is because the bow and the recipe did not exist at the time. They say that it is unlikely that, given her personality, there would not be any criticism if the recipe existed during Ruklys. Therefore, they argue that all of these Krag items are later designs.
Even weapons as light as bows can deal enormous amounts of damage to Mutant-type monsters. If they are Istora weapons.
The Tenet Crossbow is the most recently designed and produced weapon by the Tenet Church members.
Before Medzio Diena, the ritual of watching the ferns blooming was thought to been for fulfilling wishes or good luck, but all aspects of human life have completely changed since then.
This weapon reacts to the slightest movement of the target after hitting it. However, only the finest movement is required making the delay almost non-exinstant.
Not all Philis weaponry was crafted based on the same magic. In this case, the projectile damages the cause behind the mutation instead of containing magic harmful to the monsters.
Scholars must receive some credit for the resurgence of Flurry's recipe after Medzio Diena. Their tireless exploration and the advancements in epigraphy were some of the reasons the recipe was revitalized and how the weapon could be realized at an opportune moment.
The Krag Crossbow is mainly thought to have appeared in Lydia Schaffen's latter years thanks to her records. However, some say that it had existed before that time but had not been mentioned by her.
The Pilgrim Crossbow was the weapon of choice for pilgrims that were better off. It is only human nature to want to be able to attack from further and more easily than you can with a magic rod.
The Istora region was once famous as a retirement place for scholars and thanks to their intercourse, saw many discoveries and inventions that are still being improved to this day. In the case of the Istora crossbow, that improvement happened after Medzio Diena.
The Tenet Mace is the base of all weaponry related to the Tenet Church. It existed since the first Paladin and is the first weapon which was infused with magic that would later be used on other weapons.
Some say that the goddesses had hidden mysterious powers in ferns long ago, and think that is why fern observing rituals before Medzio Diena and applying power to weapons after Medzio Diena is possible. No in depth research has been done by theologians or priests despite the ritual being ancient.
Wild animals are frequently encountered enemies for novices and pilgrims. They must be tamed by magic if they cannot be swayed by the goddesses.
Some priests think that weapons used against Mutant-type monsters should be crafted with diverse materials. The complicated process of metal reinforcement, filling it with divine energy and infusion of magic are applied simultaneously to this weapon.
Recipes for maces have been passed through time without being lost. The main reason behind this is because there is a strong atmosphere considering anything related to the legends Maven amongst priests. Thanks to that atmosphere, there were records of Flurry's recipe allowing it to utilized.
Some believe the weapon has the power to break boulders because of the name.
It is the weapon of choice for priests when starting a pilgrimage. Whatever the reason may be, there is a definate tendency amongst priests to be comfortable with and prefer maces.
Opinions are emerging saying that scholars should also help resolve the catastrophies Medzio Diena brought as artifacts such as the Istora Mace are being brought back into the light.
It is difficult to infuse magic to separable weaponry. It is also hard for ordinary people to figure out if the magic used to fight demons is infused in the shaft or head of spears.
The magic symbol Koru is hidden on this spear in the form of a fern sprout. Sprouts have long been symbols of great religious import.
It is inadvisable to use this weapon for hunting even though it may cause greater damage to beasts. It has always been safer to rely on traps and snares when hunting.
It is said that masters of this weapon can remove it from monsters after throwing it from a great distance and attack with it again. Some however point out that this combat style is inefficient.
Unfortunately, parts of the Escanciu Spear recipe have been lost. However, substituting the unknown ingredients with others based on different weapons still created the desired effects. The only problem is that it is unkown if they are the ingredients that Flurry first thought of.
There is no doubt that this weapon is a great help in hunting monsters no matter the circumstances that caused the creator to hide behind the name Krag.
Wild animals are as much of an obstacle to pilgrims as demons. The spear used to be chosen as it is effective against both enemies, requires less care than projectile weapons and can also be used as a cane.
According to some theories, the Istora Spear had an original form unlike different Istora weapons which became the roots on which other Istora weaponry was invented.
It was crafted with the durability to withstand charging Mutant-type monsters.
Insectoid monsters occasionally attack from the air. Therefore, users of this weapon must prepare against air attacks from insectoid monsters.
The largest weakness of theory that Krag weapons were crafted by Ruklys is that it cannot explain the fact that the weapon would not be named as such if it had been crafted prior to the betrayal, and that there would not have been enough time to craft it afterwards.
A weapon that clearly shows that pilgrams truly come from all walks of life. Those that are not afraid of becoming burdens may opt to choose this weapon.
The Istora Pike is said to be the first Istora weapon to be crafted from methods discovered from the Istora Spear.
Weapons based on the Tenet Church were not all conceived at the same time. The staff was crafted relatively late when compared to it's simplicity, and was completed when efforts to maintain different ingredients that have different magic retention times succeeded.
Death was already immanent within the rapid growth behind the explosive increase of plants. It draws as near as life force is used for rapid growth and magic gained from ferns has the same effect on plants.
Though it may seem contradictory, the people that assited the most in crafting this weapon to be effective against beasts are people that had professions related to the care of animals.
Infusing magic against Mutant-type monsters is more difficult than one may think. It must repress the tendency of objects trying to mutate after Medzio Diena as well as being susceptible to magic as a weapon.
Some theorize that the reason Agailla Flurry thought of crafting a weapon effective against insectoid monsters is because nobody had bothered to do so before her.
Those that support the Ruklys origin theory say that the name was changed as he had been declared as a traitor. However, they cannot explain why the name Krag was chosen.
There are numerous locations in the kingdom which contain legends and stories of the goddesses as they have been with us for a long time. It is only natural for there to be pilgrims traveling to those locations and seek measures to make it a safer journey.
There are some that believe that Mutant-type monsters receive more damage from Istora weapons because they are go against the laws of nature.
 - All Cryomancer skills level +2{nl}  - 15% chance to inflict [Freeze] on an enemy for 3 seconds when attacking with an Ice property skill
Training Revolver
Thanks to the resurgence in Istora weaponry, some scholars in the Istora region have invented radically new weapons. This weapon is a representative sample.
Epee
Training Rapier
Aston Rapier
Sharp Rapier
Duelist
 - All Fencer skills level +1
Venier
 - All Fencer skills level +2{nl} - 3% chance of inflicting additional Holy property damage
Long ago, a goddess suggested the crafting of objects to the other goddesses. Most of the goddesses that heeded their colleague's suggestion mainly did so out of amusement, but the goddess that suggested it meant to leave the objects containing the divine powers of the goddesses in the world for the generations to come. One of those arrangements are these gloves
A long time ago, several goddesses made objects containing divine power for their own amusement. It is said that they did so in the Goddess' Ancient Garden but it is difficult to know if this is true. Whatever the case may be, the objects crafted at the time, such as these boots, are still proving their worth.
The fact that the authority of the goddesses is indirectly being used against enemies through the objects they crafted carries great significance even if the goddesses did not put their heart and souls into crafting them.
Long ago, when the goddesses crafted mystical objects for their amusement in the Goddess' Ancient Garden, some were crafted by coating existing ones with their divine power. These clothes are such examples.
It is uncertain if whether the Goddess' Ancient Garden where these gloves were crafted indicates the same location as the Goddess' Ancient Garden known today. Whatever the location may be, the gloves were certainly made in the Goddess' Ancient Garden.
The fact that there are no separate recipes for Ogva equipment is indirect proof that indicates that the origins lie with the goddesses.
Of the many theories, the theory that Laima was the first goddess to propose the crafting of Ogva equipment to the goddesses is the most convincing.
It is unknown if the Goddess' Ancient Garden in which Ogva equipment was said to have been crafted indicates the same location that is known today or how long ago the events took place. However, it is widely believed that it took place before written history.
Some believe that there is an all powerful piece of equipment that contains extreme amounts of divine power based on the fact that Ogva equipment is completed by the goddesses' divine power and spend their lives trying to find it. Of course, all such efforts resulted in failure and it is unknown if there actually is such a piece of equipment. However, those searches did result in the discovery of previously unknown equipment such as these gloves.
We cannot know which powers were given to the various pieces of equipment by certain goddesses long ago in the Goddess' Ancient Garden. However, we can make assumptions. These boots most likely have the divine power of Zemyna.
Some complain that the goddesses should have given this piece of equipment better durability and strength when compared to others.
It is unknown how Ogva equipment were spread and revealed to the world. However, too much time has passed to find those origins.
There have been attempts to control plants with other plants since Medzio Diena. These pieces of equipment are one of the successfully applied cases of those attempts.
It is a difficult task to magically apply the self protection substances of ferns to weapons after Medzio Diena. The goddesses must be thanked for the fact that those efforts succeeded.
There are two methods in crafting magical equipment. One is to follow the recipe from the beginning and the other is to infuse pre-existing equipment. It is the latter in the case of this piece of equipment.
It was relatively easy to apply the magic derived from ferns that saw explosive growth after Medzio Diena to offensive equipment. There are cases where the effects changed or weakened in the case of protective equipment such as in the case of this outfit.
The effort of waiting for the moment a fern blooms in a special place where noone can see is required to craft these gloves. The patience and concentration is rewarded by the gloves enhancing the accuracy of the wearer.
The ritual of watching a fern bloom before Medzio Diena was thought to be a custom for wish fulfillment or good luck, but just like all life has changed afterwards, is now a method of applying magic to protective equipment such as this.
Some are of the belief that the fern observing rituals and the reason that power can be applied to equipment after Medzio Diena is because the goddesses hid mystical powers in ferns long ago. No in depth research has been done by theologians or priests despite the ritual being ancient.
The magic symbol Koru is hidden on this outift in the form of a fern sprout. Sprouts have long been symbols of great religious import.
The individual rings that comprise these gloves have been crafted through the application of magical powers symbolized by fern buds. Magical equipment with this sort of power may not be craftable if the vegetation abnormality disappears one day.
All vegetation that saw explosive growth after Medzio Diena possess some degree of life and energy absorption. To apply this ability to equipment and allow it to absorb energy from the earth is a very difficult task.
Magic extracted from ferns can be made to possess either light seeking or shunning characteristics. However, it is made to resist darkness even if it is theoretically possible to make it resist light due to cost and practicality reasons.
There was a time when Divdirbys master Tesla used to roam the kingdom. Some pieces of magic equipment have tales of his travels. People usually accept such legends even though it is uncertain how the sculptor priest Tesla influenced the crafting of these gloves.
There is a legend of Tesla crafting these boots after being pricked by a thorn in the foot whilst passing Sirdgela Forest. Whether the forest was filled with thorns or if Tesla really crafted the boots after such an experience is not important. Nobody has gone to ask Tesla even though he is alive and well.
Sirdgela equipment is full of legend and story. Some say that these pants were crafted with cloth woven from thread gathered from brambles. There are many people that are fond of the figure of the lonely girl who makes thread from brambles regardless of whether those tales are true or not.
Those that like to seek the stories related to magical items say that these robes were crafted when Tesla decided become a priest as well as an ordinary sculptor. The psychology of people whom like to attach mystical stories to Sirdgela equipment is a field worth researching.
The reason Sirdgela equipment has more diverse and mystical stories than other magical equipment may be influenced by the unique environment of being a Thorn Forest. However, if that is the case, it means that all the stories are from after Medzio Diena making them works of fiction.
According to legend, there were many soldiers going missing in or near Sirdgela, and these boots were crafted by the families and friends looking for their lost ones.
Developments in the use of leather gained from wild animals that have always infested Sirdgela Forest are said to have been the origins behind this outfit.
It is said that many wild animals existed in Sirdgela even before the increase of monsters after Medzio Diena. These gloves are said to have existed since then.
Although this is only one of the many theories that surrounds Sirdgela equipment, it is said that these boots have been traditionally crafted in the Sirdgela region to traverse rough terrain.
It becomes evidence of an item being crafted long ago in a different environment if magical properties that are unrelated to the weather of a location is infused with equipment.
Philis Gloves are said to have had more magic before Medzio Diena. The reasons behind the weakening of magic after the collapse of the 3 layer castle wall on Medzio Diena remains unknown.
Philis equipment is characterized by it's ability to provide it's wearers with pleasantness in closed environments.
This equipment, which used to be the full-dress uniform of the guards of the 3 layer castle wall, had special magical treatment for reasons only known by the leading members of the army. However, it seems that those reasons will be difficult to figure out as all the high ranking officers are dead.
The regulation issued uniforms of the guards of the 3 layer castle wall were produced in various forms according to their needs. These gloves were produced with ordinary siege warfare in mind.
The regulation issued uniforms of the guards of the 3 layer castle wall were produced in various forms according to their needs. These boots were produced with ordinary siege warfare in mind.
Unlike other pieces of Philis equipment, this piece did not exist before Medzio Diena. It was recently infused with magical properties out of necessity.
It was only issued to the outer wall guards during the early years of the kingdom. It was thought to be useful under the assumption that the outer wall was taken. It was later issued to all 3 walls as tactics and weapons of siege warfare changed.
It is the most useful equipment with magical properties not only all castle guards including those on the 3 layers. It has existed as a favorite of many guards for a long time.
This was equipment issued to guards, especially those that were in charge of attacking with fire on the 3 layer castle wall. An interesting theory that is brought up even now is that those guards may have been able to stop the catastrophic growth of vegetation from the capital which is now in ruins.
Although it is a strange phenomenon, the activities of mages and production of magical items is relatively active in the Allerno Barony when compared to other fiefs. This phenomena has increased dramatically after Medzio Diena and these gloves have appeared in such circumstances.
The increase in magical items in the Allerno barony is hard to explain especially when it has always been an agricultural region. Whatever the reason may be, the people fighting in the region can attribute these boots to that phenomenon.
At first glance, it may not seem strange that there are many magical items such as this outfit because there has been an influx of mages to the Allerno barony. However, this is not the truth and the increase in magical items and new inventions are being caused by something else.
Some mages tried to find if whether the new appearances of magical items in the Allerno region is due to demons but failed to do so. Items that resist darkness such as this are proof that the theory is unlikely.
Whatever the reason behind the sudden appearance of items may be, they are actively gathering and issuing such items to men in Allerno barony. This may be the reason behind mounting conflicts between the residents and soldiers in the region.
It is certain that the Allerno region is being magically influenced from the outside. Although it may not be an impressive amount, the fact still stands that these boots regardless of their performance show new methods of magic infusion.
Another strange point about the magical items that have appeared in the Allerno region is that the mages that come here do not seek them. The items that are discovered are being used by residents or soldiers.
The current lord of Allerno has hired mages and craftsmen in order to further enhance the equipment that already has strong defensive powers. It is said that such moves are hiding other reasons.
If the lord of Allerno did not simply hire the mages and craftsmen to enhance the magical equipment, there is a chance that his goal may be connected to why such items are suddenly appearing.
The lord of Allerno wishes that rarer and stronger magical items will be discovered in his lands. While greed is also behind such thinking, it is also difficult to reproduce the items that have been discovered.
The lord of Allerno is trying to wear this equipment after enhancing it. It is said that he hired mages and craftsmen for this very reason.
There are cases of divine power residing in items that had been carried by priests for a long time. Perelin gloves were crafted as a successful result of trying to have these happenings occur reliably when needed.
There are cases in which the divine power of goddesses indwells and shows new powers in trivial items that poor pilgrims were carrying on their pilgrimage. Equipment with the name Perelin are such items.
It cannot be known what type of protection is indwelling in which pilgrim's items. However, there is some regularity even though generalities have not been discovered. Otherwise, these items would not be able to have the name Perelin.
Many different kinds of experiments are enacted in order to craft Perelin items. The most widely known experiment was to have the pilgrims wear the equipment until divine power resides in it. The results indicate that this does not increase the chance of divine power indwelling in the equipment.
There are increased chances of items becoming Perelin items in the case of making pilgrims perform various tasks whilst wearing the equipment such as these gloves. However, it cannot be seen as a precise recipe as the exact moment that they receive divine power is unknown.
The effects of Perelin items do not disappear even if given to other people after realizing that they have become Perelin items during the pilgrimage. There is no firm principle behind the creation of Perelin items even though pilgrims that have had a piece of equipment turn into Perelin items before usually are able to have more.
Inquiries of whether pilgrims living pious lives makes the authority of goddesses reside in items and whether the creation of items with even more profound abilities is possible is still ongoing. It is only natural if taking the tough living conditions after Medzio Diena.
It is unknown why such phenomena occurs to pilgrims instead of pious priests that stay in one place. It is made even more unclear by the fact that there are certain cases proving otherwise. The most simple answer is that everything is done in the will of the goddesses.
Although it may seem obvious, these Perelin gloves appear frequently on Paladins.
Perelin items do not always appear on priests. There are numerous cases in which Perelin gloves have appeared on warrior type believers.
The principle behind the natural appearance of Perelin items may never be realized. However, people keep trying to find it thanks to the divine protection that they provide.
According to legend, the first person to obtain Perelin equipment was the first Paladin master. However, it is unclear if this is the truth as the Tenet Church refuses to verify such trivial stories.
Many mages have crafted numerous magical items in the mage tower since Agailla Flurry's death. Most of the creators are anonymous despite several of the items still being used to this day. These are designated as Turn equipment.
Turn equipment have nothing more in common than the fact that they have their origins in the Mage tower. They are simply named as such due to the need to indicate equipment from the tower after Flurry.
Some Turn equipment is suspected to have been made by the same mage due to the similarities in their effects. As in the Turn pants and the Turn robe. But the possibility that they may have been crafted by different mages of different times can't be ruled out.
There was a time when the mages of the Mage Tower after Flurry's death isolated themselves from the world and focused on their experiments and research. Although there were many whimsical inventions during that time, the only partially practical inventions that remain are these Turn gloves.
According to some, Turn equipment may have had better power in the beginning. However, there are no remaining items or recipes due to the reclusive nature of mages. Most of the equipment left has about the same amount of magic as these boots.
There are several cases where they were created out of necessity of mages. It is said that Turn leather pants were created on the spot to protect mages when conducting experiments with lightning.
There are several cases where they were created out of necessity of mages. It is said that Turn leather tunics were created on the spot to protect mages when conducting experiments with lightning.
Some Turn equipment has been reinforced or applied in various ways while being used outside of the Mage Tower. The first known case of such enhancements are these gloves.
There was a time where metallic equipment was not crafted because of the many experiments conducted by mages after Flurry's death. Therefore, the existing metallic Turn equipment may have originated from mages but have been completed by anonymous contributors outside of the Mage Tower.
Unlike other metallic Turn equipment, Turn plate leggings are being crafted by mages. It is said that they were used when mages were attempting to fly.
Metallic equipment was not made for centuries after Flurry's death because there was a shortage of metals thanks to the many experiments conducted by mages. As such, even though the existing metallic Turn equipment may have originated from mages, the actual craftsmen are anonymous people from outside the Mage Tower.
The Druid Master from Shaton and tried to make the region safer after Medzio Diena by providing or helping the crafting of equipment. There are cases in which non-combatant farmers have received help from these gloves.
The Druid Master is sending several of her disciples to Shaton to perform various tasks not only out of the love of her hometown but also becuase it is related to her Nature Restoration Plan. The local residents are imitating a few of the simple magic equipment that are used to keep the disciples safe.
The Druid Master does not put restrictions on the Shaton locals imitating the magical equipment that she provided. Therefore, some are being used by people from neighboring regions or explorers, such as these pants.
People being harassed by monsters after Medzio Diena require easily obtainable magical equipment. However, such support is not easy to receive due to several complications. The situation is bad enough that sometimes soldiers fighting monsters on the front lines are not able to obtain equipment they need. The fact that the Druid Master is using her power and resources for the Shaton region is a small but noble act.
Shaton equipment provides diverse amenities for the livelihood of the locals even if they do not fight monsters. Even farmers and lumberjacks need to be accurate.
Some settlers from the Shaton region have disappeared with the equipment. It is unclear if they made a run for it after obtaining equipment or have fallen victim to monsters. Both are equally as likely to have happened. The fact that many of those that have disappeared are people that have obtained boots suggests a certain possibility.
The percentage of settlers in the Shaton region being burned while working has decreased dramatically after this outfit has been issued.
The Druid Master also freely gave help to the nobles of the Shaton region. As a result, the nobility of Shaton was able to increase their survivability when combating monsters.
Some express their concerns that the way the Druid Master unconditionally gave magical items to the Shaton nobility might have been a bad idea. They argue that metallic equipment such as these leggings need not have been provided. In the end however, what is more important is whether the people using the equipment do so with good or bad intentions.
There are some of the belief that it is more important that people are protected from monsters even if they are abusing the Druid Master's goodwill. Such people praise the Druid Master for providing metallic armor.
Many people have found various means to donate to the Tyla Monastery which is a historic religious facility. Those donations became the foundations to the emergence to magical equipment unique to the Tyla Monastery.
Some of the Tyla Monastery equipment was improved with the consent of the original donor. Many people could receive the benefits of such equipment because the Tyla Monastery does not monopolize these items.
The equipment made by the wealth and magical equipment donated to the Tyla Monastery helped people greatly when the surrounding region became a thorn forest. Of course the people that benefited the most were the monks of the Monastery.
The reason why the Tyla Monastery receives particularly more contributions and donations is because it has historically been more lenient towards rulebreakers. The Tyla Monastery has treated sinners and lawbreakers alike gently focusing on reformation instead of punishment in accordance to the Monastery's traditions.
Tyla Monastery has been able to play it's role as a strict self-sufficient religious belief community for priests for a long time without losing sight of the original ideals thanks to it's principles of being strict towards monks and tolerant of outsiders. As such, some magical equipment here has been used in everyday life instead of combat as can be similarly observed in other regions. This is the representative example of such equipment.
Meeting goddesses before Medzio Diena was not uncommon. Even so, criminals who were shameful of their past deeds wished the Tyla Monastery would be a window between themselves and the goddesses and the many that were reformed donated to the Monastery providing the foundations of current Tyla Monastery equipment.
Even equipment that may have been thought to be useless due to the climate of Tyla Monastery became useful after Medzio Diena. This piece of equipment is such a case.
Even the royal family is on the donator list of Tyla Monastery. Many people can wear good metallic equipment thanks to the fact that the Monastery does not hesitate even in distributing royal gifts if useful to the people.
Tyla Monastery was generous in the distribution of all magical equipment they deem can be useful to the people since the royal family did not attach any strings when gifting equipment to the monastery. That is how many people have benefited from these boots.
This piece of equipment has become much more important after the expansive growth of the Thorn Forest near the Tyla Monastery after Medzio Diena.
It is said that this equipment used to have different magical properties. They say that different magical properties were infused after Medzio Diena because of the expansive growth of the Thorn Forest.
The costumes have remained invariably faithful to tradition for the past thousand years.
Fencer Costume
Cannoneer Costume
Kunai
Flamethrower
Fragmentation Jewel
Increases corpse parts by +30. {nl}Purchasable from the Necromancer Master. {nl}Right-click to use.
EXP Boost
Increases your character level to 170. Right-click to use.
Rank 2 Card
Increases your class level to 15 of rank 1. Only available for rank 1.{nl}Right-click to use.
Rank 3 Card
Increases your class level to 15 of rank 2. Only available for rank 2.{nl}Right-click to use.
Rank 4 Card
Increases your class level to 15 of rank 3. Only available for rank 3.{nl}Right-click to use.
Rank 5 Card
Increases your class level to 15 of rank 4. Only available for rank 4.{nl}Right-click to use.
Rank 6 Card
Increases your class level to 15 of rank 5. Only available for rank 5.{nl}Right-click to use.
Abomination Cube
It seems to contain something unknown. {nl}Right-click to use.
Obscene Deathweaver Cube
Bleak Chapparition Cube
Earth Templeshooter Cube
Earth Canceril Cube
Earth Archon Cube
Violent Cerberus Cube
Noisy Mineloader Cube
Kubas Cube
Necroventer Cube
Burning Fire Lord Cube
Wrathful Harpeia Cube
Glackuman Cube
Marionette Cube
Dullahan Cube
Ellaganos Cube
Shadowgaler Cube
Archmage Fire Lord Cube
Guard Dog Cerberus Cube
Mineloader Cube
Orange Harpeia Cube
Manticen Cube
Evil Necroventer Cube
Molich Cube
Devilglove Fragment
Basic Gem Abrasive
Intermediate Gem Abrasive
Advanced Gem Abrasive
Superior Gem Abrasive
Blue Orb: Kepa
Summons a monster. The summoned monster will become your ally in battle. Lasts for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use.
Blue Orb: Leaf Bug
Blue Orb: Hanaming
Blue Orb: Chinency
Blue Orb: Infrorocktor
Blue Orb: Chupacabra
Blue Orb: Popolion
Blue Orb: Weaver
Blue Orb: Pokubu
Blue Orb: Red Kepa
Blue Orb: Jukopus
Blue Orb: Vubbe Thief
Blue Orb: Raflower
Blue Orb: Vubbe Miner
Blue Orb: Bat
Blue Orb: Stone Orca
Blue Orb: Shredded
Blue Orb: Yekubite
Blue Orb: Vubbe Archer
Blue Orb: Vubbe Wizard
Blue Orb: Crystal Spider
Blue Orb: Vubbe Shaman
Blue Orb: Vubbe Fighter
Blue Orb: Zignuts
Blue Orb: Panto Pathfinder
Blue Orb: Grummer
Blue Orb: Mali
Blue Orb: Leafly
Blue Orb: Panto
Blue Orb: Panto Wizard
Blue Orb: Panto Warrior
Blue Orb: Spion Archer
Blue Orb: Green Puragi
Blue Orb: Firent
Blue Orb: Banshee
Blue Orb: Brown Zigri
Blue Orb: Hummingbird
Blue Orb: Deadborn Scap Magician
Blue Orb: Seedmia
Blue Orb: Coliflower Archer
Blue Orb: Panto Archer
Blue Orb: Mallardu
Blue Orb: Large Panto Spearman
Blue Orb: Brown Rodelin
Blue Orb: Tanu
Blue Orb: Tipio
Blue Orb: Doyor
Blue Orb: Beetow
Blue Orb: Siaulav Archer
Blue Orb: Black Maize
Blue Orb: Ultanun
Blue Orb: Red Loxodon
Blue Orb: Upent
Blue Orb: Caro
Blue Orb: Tini Archer
Blue Orb: Carcashu
Blue Orb: Mentiwood
Blue Orb: Beeteros
Blue Orb: Tini Magician
Blue Orb: Rodelin
Blue Orb: Yognome
Blue Orb: Desmodus
Blue Orb: Glizardon
Blue Orb: Corylus
Blue Orb: Galok
Blue Orb: Pawndel
Blue Orb: Pawnd
Blue Orb: Egnome
Blue Orb: Green Apparition
Blue Orb: Colitile
Blue Orb: Infro Holder Archer
Blue Orb: Thornball
Blue Orb: Coliflower
Blue Orb: Velwriggler
Blue Orb: Truffle
Blue Orb: Operor
Blue Orb: Bagworm
Blue Orb: Groll
Blue Orb: Blue Fragaras
Blue Orb: Merog Stinger
Blue Orb: Merog Shaman
Blue Orb: Chafperor
Blue Orb: Matsum
Blue Orb: Ammon
Blue Orb: Infro Holder Shaman
Blue Orb: Catacombs Candle Spider
Blue Orb: Catacombs Mushcarfung
Blue Orb: Catacombs Maggot
Blue Orb: Catacombs Leaf Bug
Blue Orb: Cronewt Poison Needler
Blue Orb: Spoiled Coliflower Archer
Blue Orb: Tontus
Blue Orb: Dandel
Blue Orb: Pino
Blue Orb: Geppetto
Blue Orb: Lichenclops
Blue Orb: Zinute
Blue Orb: Desert Chupacabra
Blue Orb: Wendigo
Blue Orb: Dumaro
Blue Orb: Wendigo Archer
Blue Orb: Wendigo Magician
Blue Orb: Sauga
Blue Orb: Ticen
Blue Orb: Tucen
Blue Orb: Loftlem
Blue Orb: Lauzinute
Blue Orb: Hogma Archer
Blue Orb: Temple Slave Mage
Blue Orb: Pink Chupaluka
Blue Orb: Orange Sakmoli
Blue Orb: Black Ridimed
Blue Orb: Lepusbunny Assassin
Blue Orb: Earth Wood Goblin
Blue Orb: Earth Bushspider
Blue Orb: Earth Old Kepa
Blue Orb: Earth Colimen
Blue Orb: Earth Spectra
Blue Orb: Earth Apparition
Blue Orb: Earth Raflower
Blue Orb: Earth Colimen Magician
Blue Orb: Earth Shredded
Blue Orb: Earth Deadborn Scap
Blue Orb: Earth Hallowventer
Blue Orb: Hogma Fighter
Blue Orb: Hogma Warrior
Blue Orb: Woodfung
Blue Orb: Hogma Scout
Blue Orb: Hogma Shaman
Blue Orb: Deadborn Scap Archer
Blue Orb: Tontulia
Blue Orb: Hogma Captain
Blue Orb: Lepusbunny Magician
Blue Orb: Varv
Blue Orb: Boowook
Blue Orb: Zinutekas
Blue Orb: Karas
Blue Orb: Zinutekas
Blue Orb: Vesper
Blue Orb: Vekarabe
Blue Orb: Vikaras
Blue Orb: Tombsinker
Blue Orb: Vekarabe
Blue Orb: Shtayim
Blue Orb: Echad
Blue Orb: Vikaras Mage
Blue Orb: Echad Magician
Blue Orb: Wheelen
Blue Orb: Venucelos
Blue Orb: Vikaras Archer
Blue Orb: Karas Mage
Blue Orb: Medakia
Blue Orb: Rusrat
Blue Orb: Mauros
Blue Orb: Orange Hamming
Blue Orb: Orange Popolion
Blue Orb: Spion Mage
Blue Orb: Farm Ellum
Blue Orb: Farm Keposeed
Blue Orb: White Operor
Blue Orb: Cronewt Poisoned Needler
Blue Orb: Cronewt Magician
Blue Orb: Ashrong
Blue Orb: Orange Dandel
Blue Orb: Kepari Shaman
Blue Orb: White Geppetto
Blue Orb: White Pino
Blue Orb: Tree Ambulo
Blue Orb: Tama
Blue Orb: Stumpy Tree
Blue Orb: Long-Branched Tree
Blue Orb: Lizardman
Blue Orb: Infroburk
Blue Orb: Stumpy Tree Magician
Blue Orb: Zolem
Blue Orb: Old Hook
Blue Orb: Winged Frog
Blue Orb: Gravegolem
Blue Orb: Hallowventer
Blue Orb: Cockatrice
Blue Orb: Cockat
Blue Orb: Mine Predator
Blue Orb: Vubbe Chaser
Blue Orb: Minos Mage
Blue Orb: Mine Fire Mage
Blue Orb: Mine Vubbe Archer
Blue Orb: Vubbe Warrior
Blue Orb: Vubbe Ice Wizard
Blue Orb: Stoulet Mage
Blue Orb: Giant Bat
Blue Orb: Ellom
Blue Orb: Old Kepa
Blue Orb: Bushspider
Blue Orb: Fisherman
Blue Orb: Ellomago
Blue Orb: Ridimed
Blue Orb: Sakmoli
Blue Orb: Red Meduja
Blue Orb: High Vubbe
Blue Orb: High Vubbe Archer
Blue Orb: Green Pokubon
Blue Orb: Blue Puragi
Blue Orb: Bite
Blue Orb: Big Blue Griba
Blue Orb: Red Fisherman
Blue Orb: Drake
Blue Orb: Rubblem
Blue Orb: Phyracon
Blue Orb: Armori
Blue Orb: Ludasjack
Blue Orb: Shaman Doll
Blue Orb: Blindlem
Blue Orb: Belegg
Blue Orb: Experimental Slime
Blue Orb: Chromadog
Blue Orb: Chromadog
Blue Orb: Arma
Blue Orb: Red Infrorocktor
Blue Orb: Flask Mage
Blue Orb: Terra Imp Mage
Blue Orb: Pyran
Blue Orb: Flask
Blue Orb: Black Desmodus
Blue Orb: Minivern
Blue Orb: Large Minivern
Blue Orb: Wizard Shaman Doll
Blue Orb: Black Shaman Doll
Blue Orb: Dimmer
Blue Orb: Black Drake
Blue Orb: Meleech
Blue Orb: Ravinelarva
Blue Orb: Wood Goblin
Blue Orb: Treegool
Blue Orb: Cronewt
Blue Orb: Infro Hoglan
Blue Orb: Ducky
Blue Orb: Kepa Raider
Blue Orb: Infro Holder
Blue Orb: Kepari
Blue Orb: Kepo
Blue Orb: Keposeed
Blue Orb: Red Wood Goblin
Blue Orb: Red Rondo
Blue Orb: Red Rubabos
Blue Orb: Tripede
Blue Orb: Kodomor
Blue Orb: Lomor
Blue Orb: Lapasape Shaman
Blue Orb: Siaulav Mage
Blue Orb: Prison Fighter
Blue Orb: Kowak
Blue Orb: Stoulet Archer
Blue Orb: Rusty Old Hook
Blue Orb: Red Tree Ambulo
Blue Orb: Lichenclops Mage
Blue Orb: Night Maiden
Blue Orb: Terra Imp
Blue Orb: Blue Raffly
Blue Orb: Terra Imp Archer
Blue Orb: Colifly
Blue Orb: Pure Loftlem
Blue Orb: Darkness Anchor
Blue Orb: Blue Velwriggler
Blue Orb: Blue Stoulet
Blue Orb: Night Maiden
Blue Orb: Red Infro Hoglan
Blue Orb: Red Infro Blood
Blue Orb: Burialer
Blue Orb: Black Pawnd
Blue Orb: Blue Pawndel
Blue Orb: Darkness Maiden
Blue Orb: Orange Lizardman
Blue Orb: Orange Tama
Blue Orb: Rambear Archer
Blue Orb: Orange Stumpy Tree
Blue Orb: Cyst
Blue Orb: Green Winged Frog
Blue Orb: Pink Root Mole
Blue Orb: Green Carcashu
Blue Orb: Melatinun
Blue Orb: Yellow Yognome
Blue Orb: Yellow Egnome
Blue Orb: Yellow Gazing Golem
Blue Orb: Yellow Moya
Blue Orb: Guardian Spider
Blue Orb: Nuka
Blue Orb: Elet
Blue Orb: Harugal
Blue Orb: Socket
Blue Orb: Big Green Griba
Blue Orb: Elma
Blue Orb: Nuo
Blue Orb: Hohen Mane
Blue Orb: Hohen Ritter
Blue Orb: Hohen Barkle
Blue Orb: Hohen Orben
Blue Orb: Hohen Gulak
Blue Orb: Hohen Mage
Blue Orb: Green Griba
Blue Orb: Orange Gribaru
Blue Orb: Siaulamb Lagoon
Blue Orb: Pendinmire
Blue Orb: Rabbee
Blue Orb: Honeybean
Blue Orb: Siaulogre
Blue Orb: Spion
Blue Orb: Chupaluka
Blue Orb: Honeymeli
Blue Orb: Siaulamb Warrior
Blue Orb: Red Zigri
Blue Orb: Big Black Griba
Blue Orb: Big Siaulamb
Blue Orb: Siaulamb Shaman
Blue Orb: Infro Blood
Blue Orb: Shardstatue
Blue Orb: Siaulav
Blue Orb: Confined Firent
Blue Orb: Confined Yognome
Blue Orb: Confined Long-Branched Tree
Blue Orb: Infrogalas Archer
Blue Orb: Temple Slave Assassin
Blue Orb: Wendigo Archer
Blue Orb: Wendigo Shaman
Blue Orb: Lizardman Magician
Blue Orb: Minos
Blue Orb: Minos Archer
Blue Orb: Hallowventer Magician
Blue Orb: Hallowventer Shaman
Blue Orb: Blue Gravegolem
Blue Orb: Rocktor
Blue Orb: Green Cockat
Blue Orb: Green Velwriggler Mage
Blue Orb: Woodluwa
Blue Orb: Infrogalas Mage
Blue Orb: Chafperor Mage
Blue Orb: Pendrosium
Blue Orb: Cire Mage
Blue Orb: Green Loftlem
Blue Orb: Liverwort
Blue Orb: Stonacon
Blue Orb: Malstatue
Blue Orb: Velaphid
Blue Orb: Pumpleflap
Blue Orb: Orange Kowak
Blue Orb: Kepa Raider Magician
Blue Orb: Anchor
Blue Orb: Velfiggy
Blue Orb: Glyquare
Blue Orb: Black Colifly
Blue Orb: Gray Jukopus
Blue Orb: Rambear
Blue Orb: Goblin Wizard
Blue Orb: Bavon
Blue Orb: Moya
Blue Orb: Saltisdaughter Magician
Blue Orb: Moyabu
Blue Orb: Denden
Blue Orb: Goblin Warrior
Blue Orb: Lemur
Blue Orb: Goblin Charger
Blue Orb: Goblin Magician
Blue Orb: Rubabos
Blue Orb: Lepusbunny
Blue Orb: Lemuria
Blue Orb: Saltisdaughter Archer
Blue Orb: Ticen Crossbow Soldier
Blue Orb: Rambear Magician
Blue Orb: Black Liverwort
Blue Orb: Yellow Candle Spider
Blue Orb: Yellow Moyabu
Blue Orb: Ticen Magician
Blue Orb: Socket Archer
Blue Orb: Corrupt Velfiggy
Blue Orb: Socket Mage
Blue Orb: Corrupt Pyran
Blue Orb: Corrupt Deadborn Scap Archer
Blue Orb: Corrupt Deadborn Scap
Red Orb: Kepa
Summons a monster. Lasts for 180 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use.
Red Orb: Leaf Bug
Red Orb: Hanaming
Red Orb: Chinency
Red Orb: Infrorocktor
Red Orb: Chupacabra
Red Orb: Popolion
Red Orb: Weaver
Red Orb: Pokubu
Red Orb: Red Kepa
Red Orb: Jukopus
Red Orb: Vubbe Thief
Red Orb: Raflower
Red Orb: Vubbe Miner
Red Orb: Bat
Red Orb: Stone Orca
Red Orb: Shredded
Red Orb: Yekubite
Red Orb: Vubbe Archer
Red Orb: Vubbe Wizard
Red Orb: Crystal Spider
Red Orb: Vubbe Shaman
Red Orb: Vubbe Fighter
Red Orb: Zignuts
Red Orb: Panto Pathfinder
Red Orb: Grummer
Red Orb: Mali
Red Orb: Leafly
Red Orb: Panto
Red Orb: Panto Wizard
Red Orb: Panto Warrior
Red Orb: Spion Archer
Red Orb: Green Puragi
Red Orb: Firent
Red Orb: Banshee
Red Orb: Brown Zigri
Red Orb: Hummingbird
Red Orb: Deadborn Scap Magician
Red Orb: Seedmia
Red Orb: Coliflower Archer
Red Orb: Panto Archer
Red Orb: Mallardu
Red Orb: Large Panto Spearman
Red Orb: Brown Rodelin
Red Orb: Tanu
Red Orb: Tipio
Red Orb: Doyor
Red Orb: Beetow
Red Orb: Siaulav Archer
Red Orb: Black Maize
Red Orb: Ultanun
Red Orb: Red Loxodon
Red Orb: Upent
Red Orb: Caro
Red Orb: Tini Archer
Red Orb: Carcashu
Red Orb: Mentiwood
Red Orb: Beeteros
Red Orb: Tini Magician
Red Orb: Rodelin
Red Orb: Yognome
Red Orb: Desmodus
Red Orb: Glizardon
Red Orb: Corylus
Red Orb: Galok
Red Orb: Pawndel
Red Orb: Pawnd
Red Orb: Egnome
Red Orb: Green Apparition
Red Orb: Colitile
Red Orb: Infro Holder Archer
Red Orb: Thornball
Red Orb: Coliflower
Red Orb: Velwriggler
Red Orb: Truffle
Red Orb: Operor
Red Orb: Bagworm
Red Orb: Groll
Red Orb: Blue Fragaras
Red Orb: Merog Stinger
Red Orb: Merog Shaman
Red Orb: Chafperor
Red Orb: Matsum
Red Orb: Ammon
Red Orb: Infro Holder Shaman
Red Orb: Catacombs Candle Spider
Red Orb: Catacombs Mushcarfung
Red Orb: Catacombs Maggot
Red Orb: Catacombs Leaf Bug
Red Orb: Cronewt Poison Needler
Red Orb: Spoiled Coliflower Archer
Red Orb: Tontus
Red Orb: Dandel
Red Orb: Pino
Red Orb: Geppetto
Red Orb: Lichenclops
Red Orb: Zinute
Red Orb: Desert Chupacabra
Red Orb: Wendigo
Red Orb: Dumaro
Red Orb: Wendigo Archer
Red Orb: Wendigo Magician
Red Orb: Sauga
Red Orb: Ticen
Red Orb: Tucen
Red Orb: Loftlem
Red Orb: Lauzinute
Red Orb: Hogma Archer
Red Orb: Temple Slave Mage
Red Orb: Pink Chupaluka
Red Orb: Orange Sakmoli
Red Orb: Black Ridimed
Red Orb: Lepusbunny Assassin
Red Orb: Earth Wood Goblin
Red Orb: Earth Bushspider
Red Orb: Earth Old Kepa
Red Orb: Earth Colimen
Red Orb: Earth Spectra
Red Orb: Earth Apparition
Red Orb: Earth Raflower
Red Orb: Earth Colimen Magician
Red Orb: Earth Shredded
Red Orb: Earth Deadborn Scap
Red Orb: Earth Hallowventer
Red Orb: Hogma Fighter
Red Orb: Hogma Warrior
Red Orb: Woodfung
Red Orb: Hogma Scout
Red Orb: Hogma Shaman
Red Orb: Deadborn Scap Archer
Red Orb: Tontulia
Red Orb: Hogma Captain
Red Orb: Lepusbunny Magician
Red Orb: Varv
Red Orb: Boowook
Red Orb: Zinutekas
Red Orb: Karas
Red Orb: Zinutekas
Red Orb: Vesper
Red Orb: Vekarabe
Red Orb: Vikaras
Red Orb: Tombsinker
Red Orb: Vekaranus
Red Orb: Shtayim
Red Orb: Echad
Red Orb: Vikaras Mage
Red Orb: Echad Magician
Red Orb: Wheelen
Red Orb: Venucelos
Red Orb: Vikaras Archer
Red Orb: Karas Mage
Red Orb: Medakia
Red Orb: Rusrat
Red Orb: Mauros
Red Orb: Orange Hamming
Red Orb: Orange Popolion
Red Orb: Spion Mage
Red Orb: Farm Ellum
Red Orb: Farm Keposeed
Red Orb: White Operor
Red Orb: Cronewt Poisoned Needler
Red Orb: Cronewt Magician
Red Orb: Ashrong
Red Orb: Orange Dandel
Red Orb: Kepari Shaman
Red Orb: White Geppetto
Red Orb: White Pino
Red Orb: Tree Ambulo
Red Orb: Tama
Red Orb: Stumpy Tree
Red Orb: Long-Branched Tree
Red Orb: Lizardman
Red Orb: Infroburk
Red Orb: Stumpy Tree Magician
Red Orb: Zolem
Red Orb: Old Hook
Red Orb: Winged Frog
Red Orb: Gravegolem
Red Orb: Hallowventer
Red Orb: Cockatrice
Red Orb: Cockat
Red Orb: Mine Predator
Red Orb: Vubbe Chaser
Red Orb: Minos Mage
Red Orb: Mine Fire Mage
Red Orb: Mine Vubbe Archer
Red Orb: Vubbe Warrior
Red Orb: Vubbe Ice Wizard
Red Orb: Stoulet Mage
Red Orb: Giant Bat
Red Orb: Ellom
Red Orb: Old Kepa
Red Orb: Bushspider
Red Orb: Fisherman
Red Orb: Ellomago
Red Orb: Ridimed
Red Orb: Sakmoli
Red Orb: Red Meduja
Red Orb: High Vubbe
Red Orb: High Vubbe Archer
Red Orb: Green Pokubon
Red Orb: Blue Puragi
Red Orb: Bite
Red Orb: Big Blue Griba
Red Orb: Red Fisherman
Red Orb: Drake
Red Orb: Rubblem
Red Orb: Phyracon
Red Orb: Armori
Red Orb: Ludasjack
Red Orb: Shaman Doll
Red Orb: Blindlem
Red Orb: Belegg
Red Orb: Experimental Slime
Red Orb: Chromadog
Red Orb: Chromadox
Red Orb: Arma
Red Orb: Red Infrorocktor
Red Orb: Flask Mage
Red Orb: Terra Imp Mage
Red Orb: Pyran
Red Orb: Flask
Red Orb: Black Desmodus
Red Orb: Minivern
Red Orb: Large Minivern
Red Orb: Wizard Shaman Doll
Red Orb: Black Shaman Doll
Red Orb: Dimmer
Red Orb: Black Drake
Red Orb: Meleech
Red Orb: Ravinelarva
Red Orb: Wood Goblin
Red Orb: Treegool
Red Orb: Cronewt
Red Orb: Infro Hoglan
Red Orb: Ducky
Red Orb: Kepa Raider
Red Orb: Infro Holder
Red Orb: Kepari
Red Orb: Kepo
Red Orb: Keposeed
Red Orb: Red Wood Goblin
Red Orb: Red Rondo
Red Orb: Red Rubabos
Red Orb: Tripede
Red Orb: Kodomor
Red Orb: Lomor
Red Orb: Lapasape Shaman
Red Orb: Siaulav Mage
Red Orb: Prison Fighter
Red Orb: Kowak
Red Orb: Stoulet Archer
Red Orb: Rusty Old Hook
Red Orb: Red Tree Ambulo
Red Orb: Lichenclops Mage
Red Orb: Night Maiden
Red Orb: Terra Imp
Red Orb: Blue Raffly
Red Orb: Terra Imp Archer
Red Orb: Colifly
Red Orb: Pure Loftlem
Red Orb: Darkness Anchor
Red Orb: Blue Velwriggler
Red Orb: Blue Stoulet
Red Orb: Night Maiden
Red Orb: Red Infro Hoglan
Red Orb: Red Infro Blood
Red Orb: Burialer
Red Orb: Black Pawnd
Red Orb: Blue Pawndel
Red Orb: Darkness Maiden
Red Orb: Orange Lizardman
Red Orb: Orange Tama
Red Orb: Rambear Archer
Red Orb: Orange Stumpy Tree
Red Orb: Cyst
Red Orb: Green Winged Frog
Red Orb: Pink Root Mole
Red Orb: Green Carcashu
Red Orb: Melatinun
Red Orb: Yellow Yognome
Red Orb: Yellow Egnome
Red Orb: Yellow Gazing Golem
Red Orb: Yellow Moya
Red Orb: Guardian Spider
Red Orb: Nuka
Red Orb: Elet
Red Orb: Harugal
Red Orb: Socket
Red Orb: Big Green Griba
Red Orb: Elma
Red Orb: Nuo
Red Orb: Hohen Mane
Red Orb: Hohen Ritter
Red Orb: Hohen Barkle
Red Orb: Hohen Orben
Red Orb: Hohen Gulak
Red Orb: Hohen Mage
Red Orb: Green Griba
Red Orb: Orange Gribaru
Red Orb: Siaulamb Lagoon
Red Orb: Pendinmire
Red Orb: Rabbee
Red Orb: Honeybean
Red Orb: Siaulogre
Red Orb: Spion
Red Orb: Chupaluka
Red Orb: Honeymeli
Red Orb: Siaulamb Warrior
Red Orb: Red Zigri
Red Orb: Big Black Griba
Red Orb: Big Siaulamb
Red Orb: Siaulamb Shaman
Red Orb: Infro Blood
Red Orb: Shardstatue
Red Orb: Siaulav
Red Orb: Confined Firent
Red Orb: Confined Yognome
Red Orb: Confined Long-Branched Tree
Red Orb: Infrogalas Archer
Red Orb: Temple Slave Assassin
Red Orb: Wendigo Archer
Red Orb: Wendigo Shaman
Red Orb: Lizardman Magician
Red Orb: Minos
Red Orb: Minos Archer
Red Orb: Hallowventer Magician
Red Orb: Hallowventer Shaman
Red Orb: Blue Gravegolem
Red Orb: Rocktor
Red Orb: Green Cockat
Red Orb: Green Velwriggler Mage
Red Orb: Woodluwa
Red Orb: Infrogalas Mage
Red Orb: Chafperor Mage
Red Orb: Pendrosium
Red Orb: Cire Mage
Red Orb: Green Loftlem
Red Orb: Liverwort
Red Orb: Stonacon
Red Orb: Malstatue
Red Orb: Velaphid
Red Orb: Pumpleflap
Red Orb: Orange Kowak
Red Orb: Kepa Raider Magician
Red Orb: Anchor
Red Orb: Velfiggy
Red Orb: Glyquare
Red Orb: Black Colifly
Red Orb: Gray Jukopus
Red Orb: Rambear
Red Orb: Goblin Wizard
Red Orb: Bavon
Red Orb: Moya
Red Orb: Saltisdaughter Magician
Red Orb: Moyabu
Red Orb: Denden
Red Orb: Goblin Warrior
Red Orb: Lemur
Red Orb: Goblin Charger
Red Orb: Goblin Magician
Red Orb: Rubabos
Red Orb: Lepusbunny
Red Orb: Lemuria
Red Orb: Saltisdaughter Archer
Red Orb: Ticen Crossbow Soldier
Red Orb: Rambear Magician
Red Orb: Black Liverwort
Red Orb: Yellow Candle Spider
Red Orb: Yellow Moyabu
Red Orb: Ticen Magician
Red Orb: Socket Archer
Red Orb: Corrupt Velfiggy
Red Orb: Socket Mage
Red Orb: Corrupt Pyran
Red Orb: Corrupt Deadborn Scap Archer
Red Orb: Corrupt Deadborn Scap
Guiding Owl's Will
Contains the power of a Owl Sculpture.
Karolis Altar Crystal
Karolis Altar Crystal Fragment
Karolis Altar Fragment
A destroyed fragment from the main Karolis Altar.
Crystalized essence of the Karolis Fountain
Essence of the Karolis Fountain materialized into a crystal.
Letas' Sacred Branch
A branch taken from the apparition of essence of the Letas Stream as a mystical tree.
Romuva of Suppression
Sacred Romuva, made with Letas' Sacred Branch. It exudes a mighty power from Letas Stream.
Picked-up Letter at Letas Stream
A letter picked up at Letas Stream.
Bandage soaked in Holy Water
A crystal that emits an unusual light. Obtainable from monsters in the Galeed Plateau.
Glowing Oil
Monster oil that gives off a mysterious light.
Moss that glows brightly even in the daytime. They are commonly found on rocks in the Galeed Plateau.
The first pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
The second pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
The third pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
The fourth pillar piece, engraved with Romuvan patterns.
Rough stone extracted from a boulder. Need to be polished if it is going to be used for Shrine repair.
A powder that lits up a large spark, useful for crafting items such as signal shots. Easily obtainable from monsters.
A patch of ripped leather. It is somewhat creepy.
Notification Signboard given by Gerda. Place it at the designated location.
Holy Object sought after by Jurate. It was lost during Medzio Diena.
Detector used for searching items on the upper shelf.
Glass bottle containing secret ink. Contains transparent secret ink used to record important information.
A guidebook used to teach new members of the Kedora Merchant Alliance. It is written in monster blood ink.
Trap used to catch a monster. Be careful since a monster will be trapped immediately after you set it.
Material for tombstone
A stone to be crafted into a tombstone. It is still rough and unpolished.
Orsha's Special Hammer
A special hammer made in Orsha.
Orsha's Special Chisel
A special cold chisel made in Orsha.
Transparent husk obtained from a monster. It is quite water-resistant and thick.
Short Leather String
A strong leather string obtained from a monster. Might be useful for binding a book but cannot be used as it is.
Traveling Merchant Handkerchief
An acrid handkerchief that belongs to a traveling merchant.
Traveling Merchant Pants
An acrid pair of pants that belongs to a traveling merchant.
Traveling Merchant Shirt
An acrid shirt that belongs to a traveling merchant.
Traveling Merchant Bag
Medicinal Herb
A healing medicine given by the Cleric Submaster.
Giant Bracken Observation Diary, Chapter 1
An observation diary written in human language.
Giant Bracken Observation Diary, Chapter 2
Giant Bracken Observation Diary, Chapter 3
Giant Bracken Observation Diary, Chapter 4
A juice extracted by a ferrit from a gigantic fruit.
Contaminated water taken from an old well. You will most likely suffer in pain if you drink this.
Voodooed Wooden Piece
A piece of wood that turned into an injured villager by Benes' witchcraft.
Demon Blood
Burning Crystal
A red crystal obtained from a demon. With this temperature you could burn anything.
Red Cursed Soul
A soul that has turned red due to the influence from demons. It seems too late to undo the effects.
Blue Cursed Soul
A soul that has turned blue due to the influence from demons. It seems too late to undo the effects.
High quality Wood
Looks suitable for crafting a shield.
Lafemun's Metal Decoration
A metal decoration worn by Lafemun. Looks suitable as a shield frame.
Krivi's Crystal Gem
A mysterious gem said to be endowed by the Goddess Gabija. They say that this gem can hold the life force of monsters.
Energetic Crystal Gem
A gem abounding with energy. An adept one could spark a holy fire using this.
Holy Water for Blessings
Holy water used for blessings for those who wishes to take the path of a priest. It seems like it requires the blessings from other clerics.
Monster Crystalization
Monster Crystalization required to pass the Peltasta exam.
Special Medicine from Orsha
A special medicine from Orsha obtained by Tamara. Although it does not cure completely, its temporary healing power is exceptional.
First Herb
A herb that grows in the Bracken forest.
Second Herb
Third Herb
Ore Crystal
A chunk of metal consolidated inside a monster.
Chisel for Dievdirbys
A chisel for stonecrafting made by the blacksmith in Orsha for the Bokor Submaster.
Aidas' Lost Spearhead
A spearhead found in the body of the monster that ran away from Hoplite Master's attack.
Krivis' Crystal Gem
If you purify a monster with little to no life force left, only ashes will remain.
Purified Monster's Ash
The ash remains from a monster purified by the holy fire.
Sparnasman's Horn
The horn of a Sparnasman. Wanted by Zenoa.
Sadhu Master's Essence
Sadhu Master's essence has taken form and
Hoplites' Spearhead
Signs of Hoplites training against monsters.
Barbarian's Medicinal Liquid
A special medicinal liquid said to be consumed by Barbarians during training in their hometown. Intentionally reduces the strength of the drinker.
Ashurong's Lard
A fatty meat from Ashurong.
Old Sacred Object
An old necklace that reacts to the abandoned altar by the Starving Demon's Way.
Bow [Missile]
Crossbow [Missile]
A modified one-handed Espontoon spear.
Pistol [Missile]
Cannon 2
Cannon 3
Cannon 4
Cannon 5
Musket
Musket [Missile]
Musket 2
Lighter than other armors with similar defense.
Plague Doctor Costume
Ice Pick
Bone Knife
Dye: Black
It dyes your hair black. {nl}Right-click to use.
Dye: Blue
It dyes your hair blue. {nl}Right-click to use.
Dye: White
It dyes your hair white. {nl}Right-click to use.
Dye: Pink
It dyes your hair pink. {nl}Right-click to use.
Hohen Leather is used when crafting a special equipment due to high magic affinity. {nl}Obtained from Hohen.
Namott Holy Water
Namott of Purification
Namott with power to purify evil energies.
Namott of Suppression
A sacred Namott made from Letas' sacred branch. It exudes great power when it is near Letas Stream.
Unmelting Magical Piece of Ice
A piece of ice that does not melt due to magic power. It can preserve magical power.
Condensed Firestone
A mysterious stone that can collect the power of fire.
Frost Tome
A magic tome that reduces frost resistance.
Psychokinesis Scroll
A scroll that enables the user to use psychokinesis to a certain extent without having to be a Psychokino.
Stone for Wall Restoration
A stone material suited for crafting or repairing a stone wall.
Overgrown Fluid
A fluid that can be obtained from overgrown plant-type monsters.
Sturdy Barricade Research Material
A very sturdy wood. Not sure if it can actually be used for anything.
Magic Control Detection Orb
An orb that can detect the flow of magic.
Soul Flask
Flask that can hold in spiritual powers.
Bomb material wanted by the Sapper Submaster. Not sure if it actually can be used to make a bomb.
Hunter's Pass
A symbol that shows that you've passed the Hunter's test.
Wugushi Poison
Poison formed during the process of decay of a dead body.
Crystal of Twisted Souls
A crystal formed from a fusion between a monster and a grudging soul.
Shard of Chaotic Emotions
A shard formed from a fusion between a monster and a soul of a deceased one.
Wugushi's Pot
A pot that can lock up a monster.
Scout Records
Scout records used for reconnaissance missions
A topical cream made from the leaves sent by Settler Brophen to Settler Leyla.
Settler Izna said that these slightly reddish leaves are required to make a good ointment for wounds.
Settler Izna said this monster mucus only found in Lemprasa Pond is required to make a medicine of rejuvenation.
Stuff left behind by Lemprasa Pond natives requested by Settler Ivanayus.
A single page note left by Priest Irma requested by Agent Cherasia.
A pack of notes from Priest Irma, bound and given by Agent Cherasia.
A remaining half of a burned paper that contains the records of the brothers requested by Agent Moren.
Records of Bishop Urbonas found at the Woods of the Linked Bridges.
Flint given by Agent Pierneef so you can burn the wagon.
Monster lure that Chaser Germeja brought by from his hometown.
A note of Priest Gelija found from one of the monsters at the entrance of Paupys Crossing
Jolly's Whistle
A whistle borrowed from Agent Larena to call out the dog Jolly who is taken care of by the priests.
Bishop Urbonas' trace requested by Priest Pranas.
Blood of a contaminated monster requested by Agent Notres.
Belongings of Agents and Trackers requested by Tracer Zegaus.
A red gem requested by Tracer Torvana.
A black wood fragment from demons requested by Tracer Torvana.
A package that the demons were carrying around, requested to collect and verified by Agent Daramaus.
An unstable magic stone that seems to have come from the statue of Marnox.
A glittering pearl powder prepared by Priest Auranas. A precious pearl orb can be crafted by gathering this powder in one place.
A precious pearl orb crafted and given by Priest Auranas.
A tome of commandments of the demons that the bishop and the priests fought with their lives for.
A bag that belongs to the priests who disappeared into the depths of the Ashaq Underground Prison.
A gauze soaked in holy water borrowed from Priest Gelija in order to eliminate the Marnox Statue fragment.
The first sculpture piece, engraved with Namott patterns.
The second sculpture piece, engraved with Namott patterns.
The third sculpture piece, engraved with Namott patterns.
The fourth sculpture piece, engraved with Namott patterns.
Green Infroholder Egg
s essence
Experiment Victim's Keepsakes
Backpack
Experiment Victim's Backpack
Fabric Marked with Letters
Holy Relic Fragment
Black Gem
Gem
Demon Essence
Experiment Journal, Chapter 1
An experiment journal created by a mysterious mage.
Experiment Journal, Chapter 2
Experiment Journal, Chapter 3
Protection Barrier Crystal
A crystal made by the Wizard Submaster for Rose's sibling.
Dirty Red Water from the Well
Contaminated water taken from an old well. Do NOT drink this unless you like to suffer pain.
Widas' Statue
A statue made by Dievdirbys Widas. It pacifies the ferrets nearby.
Bag of Drowsy Herb Incense
A bag of Drowsy Herb Incense made by Druid Leja. It tranquilizes the ferrets nearby.
Lepusbunny Assassin Fur
The fur of a Green Lepusbunny Assassin. It looks similar to that of an ordinary Lepusbunny, but it seems to have better heat retention.
Siaulav Mage's Emergency Food
Emergency food carried by the Siaulav Mages for their kind, known for its preparedness.
Blue Lapasape Mushroom
Dry Wood
Battle Counter
A magic item used to count the number of enemies you've defeated. Used during the Peltasta examination.
Hoplites' Broken Spear Parts
Hoplites' Broken Off Armor Pieces
Remains of armor broken off during combat among Hoplites.
A special medicinal liquid said to be consumed by Barbarians during training in their hometown. Intentionally reduces the strength of the drinker. The effect can be manually disabled.
Suspicious Round Metal/Wooden/Stone Disc
A suspicious-looking large round disc. It is said to glow red when certain conditions are met.
Red Shard from a Lake
A small shard that emits a red glow, with an unknown origin.
Chafperor Meat
Lake Offering
Partially burned Diary from a Lake
A partially burned diary. Hard to read due to random burned spots.
Memo Note based on Granddaughter's Diary
A collection of memo with transcription based on the partially burned diary. "Xth Exeperiment successful, ---- is contaminating the water without any issues. I will continue to monitor the progress of the gigantic fruit forest. Additionally, a protection method for ---- is required."
Partially burnt Painting
A partially burned painting. Everything except the painting seems to have burned completely. The painting shows a red gem and Hydra with red gem in his body.
Blue Lake Herb
A blue herb with a peculiar smell that grows around the lake. Probably it's used on the bait to erase the scent of human.
Lake Meat
Meat of a monster. Used to make the bait liked by the hydra.
Yellow Lake Herb
A yellow herb that grows around the lake. It relieves pain.
Special Oil from Lake
Oil made out from fat.
Chaperer's Lard
Monster's lard. It can be used to make oil.
Special Tyronas Hydra Bait
Completed bait. Tyronas Hydra really likes this.
Sack with Offerings
Compass of Magic Seeking
Shows you the nearby location where magic gathers.
Empty Magic Orb
A crystal Orb given by Mihail. You can gather magic by attacking monsters.
Fully-charged Magic Orb
Crystal Orb brimming with magic. Mihail plans to use this as a bomb.
Amulet of Magic Dispel
A charm prepared by Melchioras. It can dispell a magic spell by exhausing the magic power inside an artifact.
Collection of Magic Orbs
Magic Orbs collected by everyone, in cooperation with Mihail and his friends.
Unsent Letters
Letters that were not sent out yet by residents of Castlefield before they disappeared.
Usable Arrow
It has been used once but it still looks to be in good condition.
Beginning of Savior Armband
Chief Armband
Silver Armband
Diamond Armband
Alcohol Decoration Armband
Shaman Armband
Orient Armband
Golden Armband
Leaf Pattern Armband
Dragonfly Armband
Feelings Armband
No_hair
Terius
Hairstyle [Male]
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Dandy Wave Curl
Curvy Wave Twintail
Hairstyle [Female]
Curvy Wave
Koperon Sword
Superior Koperon Sword
Dark Sword
Soldier's Falchion
Shark Cutter
 - 5% chance to inflict [Bleeding] for 30 seconds on enemies when using a skill attack{nl} - A basic attack will hit 5 successive times every 5 times you apply [Bleeding] to enemies{nl} - {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 50% reduced damage of [Ghost] armor-type targets
This sword whose shape resembles the jaws of a shark can do much more than just cutting.
Twin Blade
Superior Twin Blade
 - 2% chance to increase magic defense for 15 seconds after receiving magic damage
Spell Breaker
 - 1.5% chance to create a protection shield that prevents 2380 damage for 30 seconds when receiving a magic attack
Corona Rod
Superior Corona Rod
Soldier's Long Rod
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's magic defense and increases physical defense for 30 seconds with a basic attack
 - 5% chance to inflict [Burn] on an enemy for 10 seconds
Circle Rod
Both the attack and defense are good.
Wreech Bow
Superior Wreech Bow
This bow has been used by hunters for a long time and the use of the bow has been increased after Medzio Diena.
 - 2% chance to inflict [Poison] on an enemy for 20 seconds with a basic attack
Soldier's Short Bow
Marksman
 - Attacks will reduce an enemy's critical resistance by {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 8 for 20 seconds (Max Stacks: 20)
Kracked Shooter
Superior Kracked Shooter
Bandit
Burawa
Superior Burawa
Soldier's Iron Club
Iron Fist
 - Reduces an enemy's defense by {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 84 for 60 seconds when an enemy blocks your attack
This fist shaped mace is said to be created to fight against shield wielding enemy. The force of this heavy weapon can shatter a shield.
 - Holy property attack when equipped on a Cleric character {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 50
Guardsman Shield
Claria Shield
Ferret Marauder Shield
Alemeth Tower Shield
Pavaisa Shield
Corsesca
Superior Corsesca
Halberd
Demon Pike
Superior Demon Pike
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's movement speed for 10 seconds
Even if your assessment is on the line, you can't deny that Ruklys was a great warrior. This spear created during the civil war has many uses.
Cripple
 - 33% chance to lower an enemy's Stamina by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}1 and inflict [Cripple] for 30 seconds{nl} - Stacking [Cripple] 10 times will lower a target's movement speed by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}20 for 10 seconds
Anyone hit by this spear will suddenly be limping.
Can easily deal with any foe as it contains all elemental powers.
Superior Chura
Blood Dagger
Drake Staff
Superior Drake Staff
Cross Staff
Superior Cross Staff
Astro Staff
Superior Astro Staff
Bokun Staff
Yorgis Drake Staff
Evil Staff
Superior Evil Staff
 - Hell Breath has a 20% chance to inflict [Burn] on an enemy for 10 seconds
 - Increases all Cryomancer skill levels by 2{nl}  - 15% chance to inflict [Freeze] on an enemy for 3 seconds with an Ice property skill
Power Staff
 - [Power Staff] Attacking with the C key increases damage equal to your magic attack
You can face foes without magic with this staff.
Royal Pistol
Superior Royal Pistol
Superior Rapier
Dual Rapier
Superior Dual Rapier
Spada
A rapier crafted by a lost recipe restored after Medzio Diena through the efforts of many blacksmiths. It performs admirably despite not being a complete restoration.
Superior Cannon
Practice Cannon
Yorgis Cannon
Superior Musket
Practice Musket
Yorgis Musket
Finisher
With this, you can clearly cut off the trachea of your opponent.
Royal Mage Gloves
Royal Mage Boots
Royal Mage Pants
Royal Mage Robe
Bandit Gloves
Bandit Boots
Bandit Pants
Bandit Armor
Royal Guard Gloves
Royal Guard Greaves
Royal Guard Pants
Royal Guard Armor
Superior Royal Mage Gauntlets
Superior Royal Mage Boots
Superior Royal Mage Pants
Superior Royal Mage Robe
Superior Bandit Gloves
Superior Bandit Boots
Superior Bandit Pants
Superior Bandit Armor
Superior Royal Guard Gauntlets
Superior Royal Guard Greaves
Superior Royal Guard Pants
Superior Royal Guard Armor
Velnia Monkey Leather Pants
Velnia Monkey Leather Armor
Elkosh Gloves
Elkosh Boots
Elkosh Pants
Elkosh Robe
Ibre Gloves
Ibre Boots
Ibre Pants
Ibre Armor
Grynas Gauntlets
Grynas Greaves
Grynas Leggings
Grynas Armor
Lets you run as fast as the wind.
Many people do not know, but the reason this equipment can be acquired so cheaply is due to Goddess Laima planning with her foresight.
Superior Sage Necklace
Guardian Necklace
Superior Guardian Necklace
Nebelet Necklace
Maven Necklace
 - Increases magic defense by {img red_up_arrow 16 16} 6 and reduces physical defense by {img green_down_arrow 16 16} 6 for 30 seconds when you receive magic damage (Max Stacks: 20)
 - Increases magic amplification equal to 40% of HP recovery{nl} - Reduces basic HP recovery to 0
Stone Bracelet
This stone filled with magic can be used to create bracelets.
Superior Star Bracelet
Superior Gem Bracelet
Kranto Bracelet
 - Triggers [Plant Collection] for 30 seconds when defeating Plant-type monsters{nl}  -  Herb items can be dropped when this effect is stacked 15 times
Elements Dance
Created by mages to protect themselves from elemental magic, but due to a fatal flaw it couldn't be made.
 - Triggers [Frenzy] for 5 seconds when an enemy avoids your attack{nl}  - Increases physical attack by 235, movement speed by 10 and reduces physical defense by 88 for 30 seconds when stacking [Frenzy] 8 times
Templar Costume
Sage Costume
Warlock Costume
Rune Caster Costume
Chaplain Costume
Kabbalist Costume
Swordsman Master Costume
Your appearance will change if you equip this.
Peltasta Master Costume
Beholder Costume
Mercenary Post Manager Costume
Paladin Master Costume
Wings of Vaivora Costume
Hair Costume 1
Hair Costume 2
Hair Costume 3
A hairpin that is finished with precision with the help of a master craftsman. {nl}Right-click to equip.
New Hat 01
White Ribbon Decoration Boater
Red Ribbon Decoration Boater
Winter Hat
New Hat 05
New Hat 06
Boater
New Hat 08
Noble Hat
New Hat 10
New Hat 11
New Hat 12
New Hat 13
New Hat 14
New Hat 15
Dignity Miter
A miter brimming with dignity. It's easy to catch the attention of others.
Prestige Miter
Others will listen better to you.
Imposing Miter
You can create an overwhelming atmosphere by wearing this.
New Hat 19
New Hat 20
New Hat 21
New Hat 22
Tribal Chief Head Decoration
Feather decoration is common characteristic between the tribes.
Canine Head Decoration
It might be disturbing during meals.
New Hat 25
New Hat 26
New Hat 27
New Hat 28
New Hat 29
Ritual Coffin
The sky's warm wind gently breezes over their house. A rainbow is always to appear over their shoulder.
Cornus Helmet
You can pick and eat the fruits if you ever feel hungry.
Hanaming Doll
A doll that looks just like a Hanaming.
Popolion Doll
A doll that looks just like a Popolion.
Red Beret
A red beret that respresents outstanding movements.
Event Hat 2
A can filled with water. Great for watering crops.
Handle
Templar Flag
Demon's jam which is impossible to not finish eating after tasting it for the first time.
TP Chest
Adds 500 Character EXP and 385 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 2686 Character EXP and 2068 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 8442 Character EXP and 6500 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 22860 Character EXP and 17602 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 24571 Character EXP and 18919 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 60312 Character EXP and 46440 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 142150 Character EXP and 109455 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 209334 Character EXP and 161187 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 237943 Character EXP and 183216 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 541023 Character EXP and 416587 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 608155 Character EXP and 468279 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 1344829 Character EXP and 1035518 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Lets you build a Guild Tower.{nl}Can only be used in fields.
Food that a companion enjoys.{nl}Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Shield Charger
Orsha Warp Scroll
Teleports you to Orsha. {nl}Right-click to use.
Incomplete Ruklys Brew
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 1 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Complete Ruklys Brew
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 3 minutes. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 5 minutes.
Might Potion
Increases your critical rate by 24 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Might Potion
Increases your critical rate by 36 for 30 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Strength Potion
Increases your physical attack by 35 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds
Condensed Strength Potion
Increases your physical attack by 65 for 30 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Critical Attack Potion
Increases your critical attack by 80 for 120 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Fire Property Resistance Potion
Increases your Fire property resistance by 30 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 90 seconds.
Ice Property Resistance Potion
Increases your Ice property resistance by 30 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 90 seconds.
Poison Property Resistance Potion
Increases your Poison property resistance by 30 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 90 seconds.
Earth Property Resistance Potion
Increases your Earth property resistance by 30 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 90 seconds.
Lightning Property Resistance Potion
Increases your Lightning property resistance by 30 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 90 seconds.
Magic Defense Potion
Increases your magic defense by 20 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Magic Attack Potion
Increases your magic attack by 35 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Transformation Scroll: Popolion
A scroll that lets you transform into a monster for a period of time. Can only be used in town.
Transformation Scroll: Ferret
Transformation Scroll: Tini
Transformation Scroll: Panto
Transformation Scroll: Honeybean
Transformation Scroll: Kepa
Transformation Scroll: Jukopus
Kalejimas HP Potion
Instantly restores 1520 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2128 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Kalejimas SP Potion
Instantly restores 605 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}847 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Alemeth HP Potion
Instantly restores 1120 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1568 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Alemeth SP Potion
Instantly restores 445 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}623 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Fedimian Warp Scroll
Teleports you to Fedimian. {nl}Right-click to use.
Title - Beginning of Savior
A title to commemorate users who participated in the 1st CBT.
Taumas HP Potion
Instantly restores 1680 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2352 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Rasvoy SP Potion
Instantly restores 670 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}938 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Feed
Pig's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Bamboo
Lesser Panda's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Tropical Fruit
Toucan's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Alfalfa
Alfalfa is Guinea Pig's favorite. It is nutrious vegetable with fiber and vitamins. It recovers all of the Guinea Pig's HP and 60 stamina
Raw Meat
Owl's favorite food. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Lv1 Attack Booster
Adds 22 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv1 Attack Booster
Adds 15 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv2 Attack Booster
Adds 18 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv3 Attack Booster
Adds 21 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv4 Attack Booster
Adds 24 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv5 Attack Booster
Adds 27 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv6 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 45 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv7 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 50 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv8 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 55 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv9 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 60 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv10 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 65 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv11 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 70 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv12 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 75 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv13 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 80 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv14 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 85 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv15 AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 3 for 90 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv6 Attack Booster
Adds 30 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv7 Attack Booster
Adds 33 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv8 Attack Booster
Adds 36 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv9 Attack Booster
Adds 39 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv10 Attack Booster
Adds 42 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv11 Attack Booster
Adds 45 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv12 Attack Booster
Adds 48 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv13 Attack Booster
Adds 51 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv14 Attack Booster
Adds 54 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Lv15 Attack Booster
Adds 57 Attack to your weapon. {nl}Can be used after assigning it to a quick slot.
Highly Condensed HP Potion
Highly Condensed SP Potion
Highly Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 2 for 4 hours. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Unidentified Transformation Scroll
Collection: West Siauliai Woods
Collection: East Siauliai Woods
Collection: Miners' Village
Collection: Crystal Mine 1F
Collection: Crystal Mine 2F
Collection: Crystal Mine 3F
Collection: Srautas Gorge
Collection: Leaf Veil Plateau
Collection: Nefritas Cliff
Collection: Tenet Garden
Collection: Veja Ravine
Collection: Vieta Gorge
Collection: Cobalt Forest
Collection: Septyni Glen
Collection: Tenet Church B1
Collection: Tenet Church 1F
Collection: Tenet Church 2F
Collection: Gate Route
Collection: Sirdgela Forest
Collection: Kvailas Forest
Collection: Guards Graveyard
Collection: Gateway of the Great King
Collection: Ramstis Ridge
Collection: Overlong Bridge Valley
Collection: Akmens Ridge
Collection: Tiltas Valley
Collection: Gytis Settlement Area
Collection: Royal Mausoleum Workers Lodge
Collection: Royal Mausoleum Constructors' Chapel
Collection: Royal Mausoleum Storage
Collection: Rukas Plateau
Collection: King's Plateau
Collection: Zachariel Crossroads
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 1F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 2F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 3F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 4F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 5F
Collection: Baron Allerno
Collection: Myrkiti Farm
Collection: Aqueduct Bridge Area
Collection: Tenants' Farm
Collection: Stele Road
Collection: Goddess' Ancient Garden
Collection: Escanciu Village
Collection: Fedimian Suburbs
Collection: Crystal Mine Lot 2 - 1F
Collection: Crystal Mine Lot 2 - 2F
Collection: Entrance of Kateen Forest
Collection: Owl Burial Ground
Collection: Poslinkis Forest
Collection: Saknis Plains
Collection: Mage Tower 1F
Collection: Mage Tower 2F
Collection: Mage Tower 3F
Collection: Mage Tower 4F
Collection: Mage Tower 5F
Collection: Dvasia Peak
Collection: Sunset Flag Forest
Collection: Starving Demon's Way
Collection: Pilgrim Path
Collection: Altar Way
Collection: Forest of Prayer
Collection: Apsimesti Crossroads
Collection: Residence of the Fallen Legwyn Family
Collection: Main Chamber
Collection: Grand Corridor
Collection: Penitence Route of Great Cathedral
Collection: Sanctuary
Collection: Greene Manor
Collection: Shaton Farm
Collection: Shaton Reservoir
Collection: Demon Prison District 1
Collection: Demon Prison District 2
Collection: Demon Prison District 3
Collection: Demon Prison District 4
Collection: Demon Prison District 5
Collection: Dina Bee Farm
Collection: Vilna Forest
Collection: Uskis Arable Land
Collection: Spring Light Woods
Collection: 2nd Demon Prison
Collection: Nuoridin Falls
Collection: Namu Temple Ruins
Collection: Istora Ruins
Collection: Glade Hillroad
Collection: Viltis Forest
Collection: Laukyme Swamp
Collection: Tyla Monastery
Collection: Roxona Reconstruction Agency West Building
Collection: Roxona Reconstruction Agency East Building
Collection: Verkti Square
Collection: Roxona Market
Collection: Ruklys Street
Collection: Downtown
Collection: Inner Enceinte District
Collection: Mokusul Chamber
Collection: Underground Grave of Ritinis
Collection: Videntis Shrine
Collection: Valius' Eternal Resting Place
Collection: Lemprasa Pond
Collection: Woods of the Linked Bridges
Collection: Paupys Crossing
Collection: Ashaq Underground Prison 1F
Collection: Ashaq Underground Prison 2F
Collection: Ashaq Underground Prison 3F
Collection: Koru Jungle
Collection: Knidos Jungle
Collection: Dadan Jungle
Collection: Nevellet Quarry 1F
Collection: Nevellet Quarry 2F
Collection: Novaha Assembly Hall
Collection: Novaha Annex
Collection: Novaha Institute
Collection: Karolis Springs
Collection: Letas Stream
Collection: Pelke Shrine Ruins
Collection: Absenta Reservoir
Collection: Sienakal Graveyard
Collection: Carlyle's Mausoleum
Collection: Delmore Hamlet
Collection: Delmore Manor
Collection: Delmore Outskirts
Collection: Feretory Hills
Collection: Mochia Forest
Collection: Sutatis Trade Route
Collection: Topes Fortress 1F
Collection: Topes Fortress 2F
Collection: Bellai Rainforest
Collection: Zeraha
Collection: Seir Rainforest
Collection: Galeed Plateau
Collection: Fasika Plateau
Collection: Manahas
Collection: Genar Field
Collection: Sicarius 1F
Collection: Sicarius 2F
Prison Manager Prison Cutter Cube
Starving Velnia Monkey Cube
Forest Keeper Ferret Marauder Cube
Mirtis Cube
Helgasercle Cube
Rexipher Cube
Marnox Cube
Mystery Cube
Allows you to acquire a random material. {nl}Right-click to use.
Sparkly Cube
Kalejimas Cube
Sicarius Cube
Forest Cube
Riteris Cube
Flammidus Cube
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality.{nl}Only available to equipment with 0 Potential. Upon failure, the equipment will not be destroyed.{nl}If it fails on enhanced equipment beyond +11, the enhance level of the equipment will reduce to +10.{nl}Right-click to use.
Flammidus Card
An unidentified gem found by monsters.{nl}Desired by many collectors due to its mysterious color.{nl}Use it to upgrade your guild.
A little stone. It can be obtained by the Stone Picking skill.
A mysterious crystal found when space-time is distorted.
Chafperor Shell
Obtained from Chafperors.
Socket Horn
Horn that grows on the heads of Sockets. {nl}Obtained from Sockets.
Magic Moss
Moss possessing a faint spell. {nl}Obtained from Ticen Magicians.
White Dandel Fur
Brown Rambear Bones
These bones can only be treated with special tools as they are very tough. {nl}Obtained from Brown Rambears.
Deadborn Scap Mask
A mask similar to a gas mask. {nl}Obtained from Deadborn Scaps.
Kepari Shell
Its taste is uncertain. {nl}Obtained from Keparis.
Straw Mat
Seems to have been used by someone. {nl}Obtained from Templeslaves.
White Chain
A chain made of white metal. {nl}Obtained from Saltisdaughters.
Blue Siaulav Mask
A peculiar-looking mask. {nl}Obtained from Blue Siaulavs.
Green Eldigo Claw
Eldigos possess very large claws. {nl}Obtained from Green Eldigos.
Red Truffle Mushroom
To magicians, mushrooms that grow on Truffles are an interesting object of study; they are used as reagents. {nl}Obtained from Red Truffles.
Pungent Stem
According to one botanist's research, a pungent smell has been proven to spread from this stem as the spell contained within it is released. {nl}Obtained from Green Corpse Flowers.
Blue Spion Leather
Removing the bristly hairs from this type of leather is a very difficult task. {nl}Obtained from Blue Spions.
Gray Stoulet Tendon
A very sturdy but flexible tendon. {nl}Obtained from Gray Stoulets.
Orange Siaulav Mask
A peculiar-looking mask. {nl}Obtained from Orange Siaulavs.
Green Hohen Mane
To acquire this you must face a furious beast. {nl}Obtained from Green Hohens.
Green Hohen Horns
Similar to Panto horns but of incomparable value. {nl}Obtained from Green Hohens.
Broken Hohen Staff
It's extremely rare for an object possessed by demons to remain in our world even after its owner's power is gone. {nl}Obtained from Red Hohen Mages.
Hohen Flag Fragment
The patterns on this flag were carved by magic. {nl}Obtained from Hohen Mages.
Green Hohen Orben Crystal Sphere
This crystal sphere is the source of Hohens' magical power. {nl}Obtained from Green Hohen Orbens.
Blue Wendigo Fur
Feels very rough to the touch. {nl}Obtained from Blue Wendigos.
Orange Minos Hoof
Thanks to their Netherbovine-like hooves, Minos can move rather quickly despite their heavy bodies. {nl}Obtained from Orange Minos.
Yellow Colifly Stamen
The polen released from these stamen can cause pain when in contact with the skin. {nl}Obtained from Yellow Coliflies.
Black Colifly Stamen
The polen released from these stamen can cause pain when in contact with the skin. {nl}Obtained from Black Coliflies.
Green Minos Leather
This type of leather is thin, but when stacked over several layers it provides remarkably good defense. {nl}Obtained from Green Minos.
Brown Colimen Flower
Many travelers are lured into an ambush by this beautiful flower. {nl}Obtained from Brown Colimens.
Spike
The reason why Infra Holders have spikes nailed into their shoulders remains unknown. {nl}Obtained from Red Infra Holders.
Red Infra Holder Heart
The hearts of monsters always possess very strong spells. {nl}Obtained from Red Infra Holders.
Blue Lapasape Fangs
Lapasape fangs are small but numerous; their bite can cause profuse bleeding. {nl}Obtained from Blue Lapasapes.
Blue Colimen Flower
Many travelers are lured into an ambush by this beautiful flower. {nl}Obtained from Blue Colimens.
Red Lepusbunny Tail
Due to its short length, Lepusbunny fur is usually difficult to handle; the tail is an exception. {nl}Obtained from Red Lepusbunnies.
Blue Cronewt Leather
This type of leather is characteristically thicker and softer than others. {nl}Obtained from Blue Cronewts.
Blue Cronewt Stinger
This poison produced by Cronewts is nearly as deadly as that of the Wugushi. {nl}Obtained from Blue Cronewt Poisoned Needlers.
Blue Hohen Claw
Hohens use their claws as weapons. {nl}Obtained from Blue Hohens.
Blue Tini Horn
An old record exists of a man who once pulled out a Tini's horn with his own bare hands. {nl}Obtained from Blue Tinis.
White Spion Fur
Very rough and bristly fur. {nl}Obtained from White Spions.
Brown Lapasape Leaves
Thin, pointy leaves. {nl}Obtained from Brown Lapasapes.
Red Hohen Orben Crystal Sphere
This crystal sphere is the source of Hohens' magical power. {nl}Obtained from Red Hohen Orbens.
White Wendigo Bow
A rudimentary but exceptionally elastic bow. {nl}Obtained from White Wendigo Archers.
Blue Hohen Gulak Horns
These wide-set horns are imposing enough to intimidate any adversary. {nl}Obtained from Blue Hohen Gulaks.
Black Kepari Leaves
As leaves that grow on monters' bodies all possess different properties, they are essential to magical research. {nl}Obtained from Black Keparis.
Brown Tini Bones
These bones are hard enough to allow them to be used as a club. {nl}Obtained from Brown Tinis.
Brown Tini Horn
An old record exists of a man who once pulled out a Tini's horn with his own bare hands. {nl}Obtained from Brown Tinis.
Blue Harugal Mane
Harugals are the strongest of Hohens. Acquiring their mane is not an easy task. {nl}Obtained from Blue Harugals.
Blue Harugal Heart
The only way to acquire the heart of a monster is to slay it. {nl}Obtained from Blue Harugals.
Green Socket Wing
Sockets are able to fly even with no wings. The presence of wings simply signifies that they are demons. {nl}Obtained from Green Sockets.
Brown Stoulet Helmet Fragment
The helmets worn by Stoulets are made of an unknown metal. {nl}Obtained from Brown Stoulets.
Blue Ridimed Stems
The hardness of these stems makes them hard to chew. {nl}Obtained from Blue Ridimeds.
Red Straw Sheaves
Useful for lighting a fire. {nl}Obtained from Red Puragis.
Black Old Kepa Skin
Will easily break apart unless handled carefully. {nl}Obtained from Black Old Kepas.
Yellow Griba Stems
These stems are soft and can be consumed. {nl}Obtained from Yellow Gribas.
Green Meduja Tentacles
Meduja tentacle attacks can cause serious injuries. {nl}Obtained from Green Medujas.
Terranium
Only Terra Imps are able to create this metal. {nl}Obtained from Terra Imps.
Dawn Crystal Fragment
Nothing is known about this item. {nl}Obtained from Red Dawn Maidens.
Blue Elet Mask
The intricate writings on this mask serve to amplify the power of Elets. {nl}Obtained from Blue Elets.
Blue Nuo Horns
Nuos will not attack with their horns unless it's absolutely necessary. {nl}Obtained from Blue Nuos.
Blue Nuo Sword Fragment
Despite small, this sword fragment emanates a sinister energy. {nl}Obtained from Blue Nuos.
Blue Guardian Spider Leg
A leg consisting of a type of exosqueleton. {nl}Obtained from Blue Guardian Spiders.
Red Socket Horns
Horns are always useful. {nl}Obtained from Red Sockets.
Red Socket Wings
Sockets are able to fly even with no wings. The presence of wings simply signifies that they are demons. {nl}Obtained from Red Sockets.
Darkness Crystal Fragment
Nothing is known about this item. {nl}Obtained from Red Darkness Maidens.
Blue Nuka Armor Fragment
Acquiring equipment worn by demons is an extremely difficult task. {nl}Obtained from Blue Nukas.
Blue Temple Slave Hood
Stealthy Temple Slaves used their hoods to conceal themselves. {nl}Obtained from Blue Temple Slaves.
Green Tini Tail
Rumor has it that a few eccentric individuals collect this item. {nl}Obtained from Green Tinis.
Red Spion Fur
Very rough and bristly fur. {nl}Obtained from Red Spions.
Green Tini Magician Bones
These bones are hard enough to allow them to be used as a club. {nl}Obtained from Green Tini Magicians.
Blue Dumaro Claw
Hunters often display these claws on a necklace in order to prove their prowess. {nl}Obtained from Blue Dumaros.
Blue Lepusbunny Bones
Lepusbunny bones are characteristically light in comparison to their size. {nl}Obtained from Blue Lepusbunnies.
Blue Beard
A beard as long as a Fisherman's height. {nl}Obtained from Blue Fishermen.
Red Elma Broken Staff
Used to create strong equipment but exists in very short supply. {nl}Obtained from Red Elmas.
Red Ticen Horns
Ticen horns grow separately from their skull.{nl}Obtained from Red Ticens.
Red Nuo Horns
Nuos will not attack with their horns unless it's absolutely necessary.{nl}Obtained from Red Nuos.
Red Cockat Feather
This material's beautiful red color creates a high demand for it.{nl}Obtained from Red Cockats.
Red Cockat Crest
Once damaged, this crest cannot be recovered. This makes intact crests a very valuable item.{nl}Obtained from Red Cockats.
Big Red Griba Bamboo Hat
A hat contaminated with unknown toxins and mildew.{nl}Obtained from Big Red Gribas.
Gray Winged Frog Bones
Winged Frog bones are hollow in order to allow for flight.{nl}Obtained from Gray Winged Frogs.
Red Guardian Spider Eyes
As Guardian Spider eyes crystalize after they die, they are often used as gems.{nl}Obtained from Red Guardian Spiders.
Green Rafflesia Stamen
These stamen exude a foul smell and must never be touched with bare hands.{nl}Obtained from Green Rafflesias.
Green Rafflesia Branch
Unlike their stamen, Rafflesias' branches immediately dry out and wither after they die, which makes them very difficult to acquire.{nl}Obtained from Green Rafflesias.
Jukotail Tail
A durable item useful for tieing around other objects.{nl}Obtained from Jukotails.
Jukotail Ore
Ore created from the petrifaction of the fruit that hangs from the tip of Jukotails' tails.{nl}Obtained from Jukotails.
Blue Hohen Mane
To acquire this you must face a furious beast.{nl}Obtained from Blue Hohens.
Green Minos Fur
This type of fur is characteristically thin and long like human hair.{nl}Obtained from Green Minos.
Green Minos Jaw Bones
The jaw of a Minos is strong enough to bend steel.{nl}Obtained from Green Minos.
Brown Nuka Armor Fragment
Acquiring equipment worn by demons is an extremely difficult task.{nl}Obtained from Brown Nukas.
Corrupt Brown Lapasape Mushroom
For reasons unknown, Corrupted Lapasape Mushrooms possess properties entirely different from those of regular ones.{nl}Obtained from Brown Lapasapes.
Red Ticen Spearhead
A spearhead with a simple shape.{nl}Obtained from Red Ticens.
Tough Shell
Its shape may seem odd depending on who looks at it.{nl}Obtained from Greentoshells.
Pincers
A pair of pincers strong enough to pierce through a steel plate.{nl}Obtained from Greentoshells.
Yellow Dumaro Claw
Hunters often display these claws on a necklace in order to prove their prowess.{nl}Obtained from Yellow Dumaros.
Awakening Stone
Helps in item awakening without reducing the Potential of an equipment.
Beeteroxia Leaves
It is said that the leaves that grow on the face of a Beeteroxia allow them to sense the environment around them.{nl}Obtained from Beeteroxias.
Ferret Marauder Shell
Ferret Marauder shells are used to make various luxury items.{nl}Obtained from Ferret Marauders.
Ferret Marauder Horns
Horns with less cracks and scratches are the most valuable.{nl}Obtained from Ferret Marauders.
Parrot Stems
Stems that hang on top of Parrots' heads.{nl}Obtained from Parrots.
Polibu Leaves
Leaves that grow on Polibus' heads.{nl}Obtained from Polibus.
Leafnut Horn
A small and tough horn. {nl}Obtained from Leafnuts.
Loktanun Feather
A feather with excellent thermal insulation properties.{nl}Obtained from Loktanuns.
Ponpon Branch
A branch that grows only on the heads of Ponpons.{nl}Obtained from Ponpons.
Gosaru Bones
Often used for manufacturing small tools.{nl}Obtained from Gosarus.
Raffly Stems
Annoyingly mushy stems.{nl}Obtained from Rafflys.
Kenol Crystal
Crystal that grows on the backs of Kenols.{nl}Obtained from Kenols.
Pag Cloth
A cloth with patches and stitches.{nl}Obtained from Pags.
Glyphring Fragment
One mustn't see this as simple rock fragment.{nl}Obtained from Glyphrings.
Ferret Fur
Ferret fur is very soft, which makes it a popular item.{nl}Obtained from Ferrets.
Ninjutsu Bomb
A bomb used for Ninjutsu.{nl}Purchasable from the Shinobi Master.
Cape
Purchasable from the Chaplain Master.
Divine Amulet
[Effect][In development]
Rose Amulet
Tini Amulet
Crescent Amulet
Sun Amulet
Fortune Amulet
Bead Amulet
Cross Medal Amulet
Gem Amulet
Dilgele Seeds
You can plant these seeds to grow crops.{nl}Can only be used in a Guild Hangout.
Gyslotis Seeds
Raudonelis
Guinea Pig Egg
You can grow a companion from this egg. {nl}Can only be used in a Guild Hangout.
Lesser Panda Egg
Baby Pig Egg
Toucan Egg
Owl Egg
Reincarnation Egg
The Reincarnation Egg of a past companion. It inherits the abilities of the dead companion and retains all memories of its master.
Blue Orb: Confined Infrogalas Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Ticen
Blue Orb: Blue Ticen Crossbow Soldier
Blue Orb: Red Socket Archer
Blue Orb: Socket Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Ticen Magician
Blue Orb: Red Chafperor
Blue Orb: Red Chafperor Mage
Blue Orb: White Dandel
Blue Orb: Brown Rambear
Blue Orb: Brown Rambear Archer
Blue Orb: Brown Rambear Magician
Blue Orb: Red Deadborn Scap
Blue Orb: Red Deadborn Scap Magician
Blue Orb: Green Infro Holder
Blue Orb: Green Kepari
Blue Orb: Green Kepari Shaman
Blue Orb: Blue Temple Slave
Blue Orb: Blue Flask
Blue Orb: Orange Minos
Blue Orb: Red Infro Holder Archer
Blue Orb: Green Minos Mage
Blue Orb: Red Infro Holder
Blue Orb: Blue Socket
Blue Orb: Green Infro Holder Shaman
Blue Orb: Red Saltisdaughter
Blue Orb: Green Saltisdaughter Archer
Blue Orb: Green Lepusbunny Magician
Blue Orb: White Groll
Blue Orb: Red Saltisdaughter Magician
Blue Orb: Green Lepusbunny Magician
Blue Orb: Green Lepusbunny Assassin
Blue Orb: Blue Siaulav
Blue Orb: Blue Siaulav Mage
Blue Orb: Blue Siaulav Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Lapasape
Blue Orb: Papayam
Blue Orb: Red Truffle
Blue Orb: Green Corpse Flower
Blue Orb: Blue Spion Mage
Blue Orb: Blue Spion
Blue Orb: Blue Spion Archer
Blue Orb: Gray Stoulet
Blue Orb: Orange Siaulav
Blue Orb: Orange Siaulav Archer
Blue Orb: Green Hohen Ritter
Blue Orb: Green Hohen Barkle
Blue Orb: Red Hohen Mage
Blue Orb: Brown Hohen Main
Blue Orb: Green Hohen Orben
Blue Orb: Brown Harugal
Blue Orb: Blue Wendigo Searcher
Blue Orb: Orange Minos Archer
Blue Orb: Yellow Coliflower
Blue Orb: Green Saltisdaughter
Blue Orb: Black Coliflower Mage
Blue Orb: Black Coliflower Archer
Blue Orb: Brown Colimen
Blue Orb: Brown Colimen Magician
Blue Orb: Blue Terra Imp
Blue Orb: Blue Lapasape Mage
Blue Orb: Blue Colimen
Blue Orb: Red Lepusbunny
Blue Orb: Red Lepusbunny Assassin
Blue Orb: Blue Hohen Main
Blue Orb: Blue Hohen Mage
Blue Orb: Blue Cronewt
Blue Orb: Blue Lapasape Shaman
Blue Orb: Blue Hohen Ritter
Blue Orb: Blue Cronewt Poisoned Needler
Blue Orb: Blue Hohen Barkle
Blue Orb: Blue Tini
Blue Orb: White Spion
Blue Orb: Blue Cronewt Magician
Blue Orb: Brown Lapasape
Blue Orb: Red Hohen Orben
Blue Orb: White Wendigo Searcher
Blue Orb: Blue Tini Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Hohen Gulak
Blue Orb: Black Kepari
Blue Orb: Brown Tini Magician
Blue Orb: White Spion Mage
Blue Orb: Blue Harugal
Blue Orb: Green Socket
Blue Orb: Green Socket Mage
Blue Orb: Brown Stoulet Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Ridimed
Blue Orb: Red Puragi
Blue Orb: Black Old Kepa
Blue Orb: Yellow Griba
Blue Orb: Blue Sakmoli
Blue Orb: Green Meduja
Blue Orb: Blue Fisherman
Blue Orb: Brown Terra Imp
Blue Orb: Red Dawn Maiden
Blue Orb: Blue Elet
Blue Orb: Blue Nuo
Blue Orb: Red Socket Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Terra Imp Mage
Blue Orb: Blue Guardian Spider
Blue Orb: Red  Socket Mage
Blue Orb: Red Darkness Maiden
Blue Orb: Blue Nuka
Blue Orb: Blue Elma
Blue Orb: Brown Terra Imp Archer
Blue Orb: White Wendigo Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Temple Slave Assassin
Blue Orb: Blue Temple Slave Mage
Blue Orb: Brown Tini
Blue Orb: Green Tini Archer
Blue Orb: Blue Wendigo Shaman
Blue Orb: Red Spion
Blue Orb: Green Tini Magician
Blue Orb: Red Spion Archer
Blue Orb: Red Guardian Spider
Blue Orb: Blue Dumaro
Blue Orb: Blue Lepusbunny
Blue Orb: Blue Lepusbunny Assassin
Blue Orb: Green Minos
Blue Orb: Green Minos Archer
Blue Orb: Brown Lapasape Mage
Blue Orb: Brown Nuka
Blue Orb: Brown Lapasape Shaman
Blue Orb: Red Elma
Blue Orb: Red Ticen Crossbow Soldier
Blue Orb: Red Ticen
Blue Orb: Red Ticen Magician
Blue Orb: Red Nuo
Blue Orb: Green Rafflesia
Blue Orb: Red Cockat
Blue Orb: Red Big Griba
Blue Orb: Gray Winged Frog
Blue Orb: Jukotail
Blue Orb: Greentoshell
Blue Orb: Yellow Dumaro
Blue Orb: Blue Candle Spider
Blue Orb: Green Eldigo
Red Orb: Confined Infrogalas Archer
Red Orb: Blue Ticen
Red Orb: Blue Ticen Crossbow Soldier
Red Orb: Red Socket Archer
Red Orb: Socket Archer
Red Orb: Blue Ticen Magician
Red Orb: Red Chafperor
Red Orb: Red Chafperor Mage
Red Orb: White Dandel
Red Orb: Brown Rambear
Red Orb: Brown Rambear Archer
Red Orb: Brown Rambear Magician
Red Orb: Red Deadborn Scap
Red Orb: Red Deadborn Scap Magician
Red Orb: Green Infro Holder
Red Orb: Green Kepari
Red Orb: Green Kepari Shaman
Red Orb: Blue Temple Slave
Red Orb: Blue Flask
Red Orb: Orange Minos
Red Orb: Red Infro Holder Archer
Red Orb: Green Minos Mage
Red Orb: Red Infro Holder
Red Orb: Blue Socket
Red Orb: Green Infro Holder Shaman
Red Orb: Red Saltisdaughter
Red Orb: Green Saltisdaughter Archer
Red Orb: Green Lepusbunny Magician
Red Orb: White Groll
Red Orb: Red Saltisdaughter Magician
Red Orb: Green Lepusbunny Magician
Red Orb: Green Lepusbunny Assassin
Red Orb: Blue Siaulav
Red Orb: Blue Siaulav Mage
Red Orb: Blue Siaulav Archer
Red Orb: Blue Lapasape
Red Orb: Papayam
Red Orb: Red Truffle
Red Orb: Green Corpse Flower
Red Orb: Blue Spion Mage
Red Orb: Blue Spion
Red Orb: Blue Spion Archer
Red Orb: Gray Stoulet
Red Orb: Orange Siaulav
Red Orb: Orange Siaulav Archer
Red Orb: Green Hohen Ritter
Red Orb: Green Hohen Barkle
Red Orb: Red Hohen Mage
Red Orb: Brown Hohen Main
Red Orb: Green Hohen Orben
Red Orb: Brown Harugal
Red Orb: Blue Wendigo Searcher
Red Orb: Orange Minos Archer
Red Orb: Yellow Coliflower
Red Orb: Green Saltisdaughter
Red Orb: Black Coliflower Mage
Red Orb: Black Coliflower Archer
Red Orb: Brown Colimen
Red Orb: Brown Colimen Magician
Red Orb: Blue Terra Imp
Red Orb: Blue Lapasape Mage
Red Orb: Blue Colimen
Red Orb: Red Lepusbunny
Red Orb: Red Lepusbunny Assassin
Red Orb: Blue Hohen Main
Red Orb: Blue Hohen Mage
Red Orb: Blue Cronewt
Red Orb: Blue Lapasape Shaman
Red Orb: Blue Hohen Ritter
Red Orb: Blue Cronewt Poisoned Needler
Red Orb: Blue Hohen Barkle
Red Orb: Blue Tini
Red Orb: White Spion
Red Orb: Blue Cronewt Magician
Red Orb: Brown Lapasape
Red Orb: Red Hohen Orben
Red Orb: White Wendigo Searcher
Red Orb: Blue Tini Archer
Red Orb: Blue Hohen Gulak
Red Orb: Black Kepari
Red Orb: Brown Tini Magician
Red Orb: White Spion Mage
Red Orb: Blue Harugal
Red Orb: Green Socket
Red Orb: Green Socket Mage
Red Orb: Brown Stoulet Archer
Red Orb: Blue Ridimed
Red Orb: Red Puragi
Red Orb: Black Old Kepa
Red Orb: Yellow Griba
Red Orb: Blue Sakmoli
Red Orb: Green Meduja
Red Orb: Blue Fisherman
Red Orb: Brown Terra Imp
Red Orb: Red Dawn Maiden
Red Orb: Blue Elet
Red Orb: Blue Nuo
Red Orb: Red Socket Archer
Red Orb: Blue Terra Imp Mage
Red Orb: Blue Guardian Spider
Red Orb: Red  Socket Mage
Red Orb: Red Darkness Maiden
Red Orb: Blue Nuka
Red Orb: Blue Elma
Red Orb: Brown Terra Imp Archer
Red Orb: White Wendigo Archer
Red Orb: Blue Temple Slave Assassin
Red Orb: Blue Temple Slave Mage
Red Orb: Brown Tini
Red Orb: Green Tini Archer
Red Orb: Blue Wendigo Shaman
Red Orb: Red Spion
Red Orb: Green Tini Magician
Red Orb: Red Spion Archer
Red Orb: Red Guardian Spider
Red Orb: Blue Dumaro
Red Orb: Blue Lepusbunny
Red Orb: Blue Lepusbunny Assassin
Red Orb: Green Minos
Red Orb: Green Minos Archer
Red Orb: Brown Lapasape Mage
Red Orb: Brown Nuka
Red Orb: Brown Lapasape Shaman
Red Orb: Red Elma
Red Orb: Red Ticen Crossbow Soldier
Red Orb: Red Ticen
Red Orb: Red Ticen Magician
Red Orb: Red Nuo
Red Orb: Green Rafflesia
Red Orb: Red Cockat
Red Orb: Red Big Griba
Red Orb: Gray Winged Frog
Red Orb: Jukotail
Red Orb: Greentoshell
Red Orb: Yellow Dumaro
Red Orb: Blue Candle Spider
Red Orb: Green Eldigo
Half-Burnt Diary's Note
The village chief's granddaughter wrote down everything she could read from this half-burnt diary. Readable.
First Volume Copy of Ruklys' Barrack Journal
Second Volume Copy of Ruklys' Barrack Journal
Volume 1 about the story of Karolis Springs. Readable.
Volume 2 about the story of Karolis Springs. Readable.
Volume 3 about the story of Karolis Springs. Readable.
The Great Pirate and Hirevan Vol. 2
A book about the battle of the Great Pirate Vladslovas and Hirevan. Does this book really tell the truth? Readable.
A diary with records from Medzio Diena four years ago. Readable.
Mage's First Letter
A strange letter written by a mysterious mage to an unknown receiver. Readable.
Mage's Second Letter
A letter sent to someone known as Delmore Rephaim by a mysterious mage. Readable.
Officer's Journal, Part 1
The first part written by an officer of the Delmore Castle regarding his work. Readable.
Officer's Journal, Part 2
The second part written by an officer of the Delmore Castle regarding his work. Readable.
Withered Plant
Warpstone
Warps you to the beginning of the area you are currently in. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 1 hour.
One of the objects required by the Hoplite Submaster's task. It looks extremely sturdy.
One of the objects required by the Hoplite Submaster's task. To be stabbed by this would prove fatal.
One of the objects required by the Hoplite Submaster's task. It scatters at the slightest breath.
A material required by the Psychokino Submaster for research purposes.
A potion with the stamen of a Matsum Flower made by the Psychokino Submaster. It looks a little dangerous.
A material requested by the Linker Submaster for testing purposes. What could she be planning to do with it?
A Demon Essence requested by the Psychokino Submaster. It exudes a sinister evil aura.
A Demon Essence requested by the Psychokino Submaster. If you stare at it for too long you might be possessed.
Wood picked by Cahill from the wood pile.
A material requested by the Elementalist Submaster in order to prove you're qualified.
Rogue Master's Pouch
A pouch used to gather fragrant pieces of fruit.
A reserve ledger containing a record of the Pardoner Master's donation history. It seems to be quite precious.
A piece of ice that can't be melt with the power of magic. It will be easily melt if the tone is incorrect.
A magical tome requiring precise control, allowing one to raise their resistance to frost.
Psychokino Scroll
A scroll that enables the user to use psychokinesis, to a certain extent, without having to be a Psychokino.
Wall Restoration Stone
A perfectly sized stone that restores the city wall destroyed by tree roots.
Sticky Plant Sap
A material required for restoring Orsha's city wall. {nl}Obtained from Plant-type monsters.
Sturdy Research Stone
A very sturdy stone. It's unknown whether it has any real use.
Spell Detector Orb
An orb that can detect the flow of spells. Who could have made such a thing?
A flask for collecting spiritual energy. It feels a bit creepy.
Delmore Outskirts Gun Powder
Gun powder made in the outskirts of Delmore, requested by the Sapper Submaster. Where could the civilians have gone?
Wugushi Poison Bottle
A bottle that can carry poison extracted from corpses. Uhm... What?
A jar that can capture poisonous monsters.
A record book used by Scouts for reconnaissance missions. Obvious eraser marks can be seen.
Archer's Test Orb
An orb used to check up on the progress of the Archer's test.
Evil Spirit Awakening Scroll
A scroll infused with magic, of which reveals hidden evil spirits.
Featherfoot's Incantation Tools
A set of dangerous incantation tools used by Featherfoots to cast curses.
Mystical Orb
An orb that holds the secret of the mysterious numbers.
Disposable Reagent Bottle
A disposable reagent bottle, great for holding liquids.
Liquefied Dissolvent
A liquefied dissolvent that can melt various materials.
Yellow-Eyed Flower Petal
A petal from a yellow-eyed flower.{nl}It seems to have a mysterious effect.
An empty roll of paper with nothing scribbled on it.{nl}It gives of a strange chemical smell.
Letters have appeared from the empty roll of paper.
Scout Master's Special Reagent
The Scout Master's special reagent - used to see words made hidden by a special chemical.
Summoned Soil
A material used to neutralize the Crystal Mine's poisonous gas.
Limestone Powder
Charcoal Powder
Sutatis Trade Route Key
A key discovered in the Sutatis Trade Route. What does it unlock?
Lost Materials
Materials taken by monsters from the Royal Army. There seems to have been an terrible attack.
Mochia Stems
A fragment of Demon Lord Hauberk's soul. Hauberk left it temporarily, to signify his trust.
Grass Leaf Ointment
A delivery request for ointment, sent from Settler Brophen to Settler Layla.
Leaves with a slight reddish hue. Settler Izna said that these are great for making an ointment for wounds.
Mucus with an odd smell. An ingredient used to create a fatigue recovery potion. Really...?
Useful Object
Objects left by fleeing lumberjacks. Some of them might be useful if they're repaired.
Priest Irma's Journal Page
A page from Priest Irma's journal that's been bitten and torn by monsters.{nl}Is it even readable at all?
Priest Irma's Journal
Collected pages of Priest Irma's Journal.
A note found in a smoking bundle of grass. Half of the content is burnt.
A drug created coincidentally from Germeja's failure. The monsters will fight against each other if it's used on them.
A note left by Priest Gelija. This might be the decisive clue since Gelija is so thorough.
A whistle that can call Jolly to your location.{nl}Blow the whistle if Jolly is too far away.
Leftover Box
The blood of monsters found in Rohonsa Cliff. Is it contaminated due to the demons?
Chaser's Package
A bag filled with medicine and bandages.
A red crystal once held by demons. It wouldn't be out of the question to feel threatened by it.
A wood piece held by demons emitting a corruptive energy. Can it drive out the curse?
A mysterious pack held by every demon. It might be related to the curse.
A mysterious pack held by every demon. Using it seems to be the only way to find out what it does. Here goes nothing!
Restored Orb of Return
Twinkling Pearl Powder
Twinkling pearl powder prepared by the Priest Auranas. It can be used on demons...
Demon Orders
A demon's plans thwarted by bishops and priests who risked their lives to stop them. It cannot be read due to it being written in the demon's language.
Priest Gelija's Medicine Pouch
It's filled with medicines and bandages.
Holy Water Cloth
A cloth blessed by Priest Gelija with holy water to remove fragments from the statue of Marnox.
Ashaq Underground Prison 1F Map
A map left by Urbonas which was found in Paupys Crossing. A certain area of Ashaq Underground Prison 1F is marked.
Orb of Return
An orb that can destroy the Cursed Idol. You can absorb magical energy into the orb by defeating the demons.
Cracked Orb of Return
The Orb of Return carried by Priest Irma. It's about to shatter due to being used on Marnox so many times.
Marnox's Insignia
An insignia given to Marnox's demon servants. Priest Gelija wants to research it.
An orb that was just barely restored.
A component useful in fixing the Mineral Detector of Coastal Fortress. {nl}Obtained from the brave souls who lost their lives trying to obtain it. May they rest in peace.
Flammable Powder
A powder that goes up in flames quite easily. Commonly obtained from monsters.
Kepari Inner Shell
A translucent inner shell obtained from Keparis. It's thick and doesn't soak as well as a normal onion.
A durable leather strap obtained from Dandels. It looks like it can be used to bind books, but not in this state.
A binding strap created using the Dandel leather.
A dud discovered in Sentry Bailey. It seems to be very old. Bring it to the Sapper Master.
Loktanun Fluid
It's acidic enough to dry up plants.
Small Leafed Herb
This seems to be the herb described by Ash as having small leaves.
A handkerchief belonging to a traveling merchant.  It was given by Rose for Laswi to smell. It has a sour smell.
Pants belonging to a traveling merchant. Rose told you to give it to Laswi to smell. It has a sour smell.
A shirt belonging to a traveling merchant. Rose would see fit that Laswi smells it. It has a sour smell.
Andres' Package
Traveling Merchant Andres' package of goods. It holds all the expensive goods purchased from a very risky, yet lucrative, investment.
Ronjia Grass
Herbs requested by Herbalist Tales. They have an outstanding pain-killer effect.
Tamara's Counteragent
A counteragent given by the Cleric Submaster. It neutralizes sinister energy.
Dadan Jungle Experiment Journal, Chapter 1
An experimental journal written by a human. {nl}Right-click to use.
Dadan Jungle Experiment Journal, Chapter 2
Dadan Jungle Experiment Journal, Chapter 3
Dadan Jungle Experiment Journal, Chapter 4
Green Apparition Essence
An essence used to prove oneself as a demon, in order to open the Special Reading Room.
Experiment Victims' Relic
There's no way to meet the owner of this relic.
Hilbeth's Backpack
The backpack of Experiment Victim, Hilbeth. It contains many mysterious herbs.
Thick Ring
A chunky ring that seems to belong a man. Its owner is nowhere to be seen.
Thin Bracelet
A thin bracelet for women. It doesn't seem to be old.
Jewel Necklace
A jewel necklace. 'My beloved mother' is engraved on the back.
Embroidered Handkerchief
The embroideries on this handkerchief are very detailed and carefully made.
Novaha Monastery's Holy Relic Fragment
A fragment of a holy relic from the Novaha Monastery.
Brown Hummingbird Mucus
Brown Hummingbird's mucus. Is it one of the materials  that the wizard put into the machine?
Brown Hummingbird Crystal
Brown Hummingbird's crystal. Is it one of the materials that the wizard put into the machine?
Brown Hummingbird Toenail
Brown Hummingbird's toenail. Is it one of the materials that the wizard put into the machine?
A material used to make Protective Barrier Crystals. {nl}Obtained from Deadborn Scaps at the Novaha Institute.
A crystal made from the recipe given by the Wizard Submaster. It helps protect the Rose siblings from the demons.
Empty Barrier Crystal
A material used to make Protective Barrier Crystals. {nl} from the Wizard Submaster.
Restored Novaha Monastery's Holy Relic
A holy relic restored thanks to the efforts of Monk Abels.
A Spirit Rock filled with spirits. Take it to Margiris to be recognized as a member of the sect.
Hemostasis Herb
A pouch of Drousy Herb made by Druid Leja. It is said to make ferrets in the surrounding area confused when activated. Can be used 3 times.
A scroll with nothing written on it. Observe the ferrets like Benes requested and write down their behavior patterns on this scroll.
A purification scroll made by the Druid Master. It is said to purify grounds contaminated with evil energy.
A pendulum used to find hidden objects. It sometimes seems to react when hunting monsters.
It seems one might be able to easily find stones to use as flints in the plateau's black boulders.
Blue Lapasape Spotted Mushroom
Pokuborn Tusk
Tusks are a Pokuborn's main weapon. They look like they could be used to make shields.
Torch Gem
Repleted Torch Gem
Combat Enemy Counter
A magical item used to count the number of enemies defeated in combat. Peltasta use it to pass their advancement test.
Wormwood
Just plain wormwood. Its bitter taste will give you a hard time if you try to eat it.
Like its name suggests, it works as a great remedy to stop hemorrhages.
Moonlight Flower
A flower that blooms only at night. It offers anti-inflammatory effects.
Special Order Chisel
A chisel for stonecrafting made by the blacksmith in Orsha for the Submaster.
Aidas' Lost Spear Tip
Glowing Crystal
A mysterious crystal given by the Krivis Submaster with a request to purify monsters.
The energy of the Sadhu Master is crystallized here.
Traces left by Hoplites using monsters for training.
Damanged Hoplite armor parts left behind after a fierce battle.
A type of drug said to be drunk by Barbarians during their training period. Those who drink it deliberately will have their strength reduced. The effects of the drug can be canceled at will.
Papayam Greasy Pulp
Papayams are known to have a distinctively greasy pulp.
A holy relic cursed with an energy that attracts demons. How many more relics will be cursed?
Old Disc
A disc found in the Wandering Sanctuary.{nl}It's said to sometimes glow a red light.
Red Fragment
An unidentified fragment.{nl}It glows an ominous red light.
Rajatadpole Meat
Requested by Samsonas as tribute to offer to the goddesses. Could this be considered a proper tribute?
Burnt Diary
A diary partially burnt by fire. A lot of it is damaged, which makes it difficult to read.
Note With Content From Burnt Diary
A note containing the only legible parts of the burnt diary.
Burnt Painting
A painting partially burnt by fire. It portrays a bizarrely-shaped object similar to a gem and an unknown monster.
Blue Herb
A special herb that exudes a very particular smell. It is said to be used in erasing traces of people's scent.
Bait Meat
A material used as bait to attract Hydras.{nl}Could Hydras really like this meat?
Markazi Flower
A plant that grows a yellow flower. It can be chewed in case of emergency as it offers strong painkilling effects.
Gooey Grease
Grease made from monster lard. Highly flammable.
Rajapearlite Lard
A highly flammable lard. It becomes even more flammable after being refined.
Modis' Special Bait
Tribute to be offered to a suspicious obelisk.{nl}It contains monster meat.
Sparkly Blue Fragment
A sparkly blue fragment discovered in Sicarius.{nl}It looks like it would be used to activate a device.
Sparkly Red Fragment
A sparkly red fragment discovered in Sicarius.{nl}It looks like it would be used to activate a device.
Sicarius Key
A key made of sparkly blue fragments.{nl}Used to activate a certain device.
Spell Detector Compass
A compass able to read spells. It can be used to find objects containing protection spells.
An orb given by Mihail. It can be used to store the magic of defeated monsters.
An orb filled with magic. Mihail intends to use it to blow up the magic supply device.
Cast Releasing Amulet
An amulet prepared by Melchioras.{nl}It is said to lift protection spells.
Magic Orb Pouch
A pouch filled with Magic Concentration Orbs
Page 1 of a diary from someone named Ardel, a former resident of the Delmore Castle.
Page 2 of a diary from someone named Ardel, a former resident of the Delmore Castle.
Page 3 of a diary from someone named Ardel, a former resident of the Delmore Castle.
Useful Arrow
An arrow that once pierced a Charcoal Walker.{nl}It looks like it can still be used.
Spell Detector Crystal
A crystal that finds objects hidden behind magic. Use it to find the magic supply device.
Useful Wooden Board
A wooden board able to be used as a barricade. Taken from an old wooden crate.
Thorn Mushroom
A mushroom able to boost Melchioras' power.{nl}It doesn't look very tasty.
Charog Sap
Sap that oozes out of a Charog's body. It smells awfully foul.
Yane's Shaman Doll
A means to affect the souls of monsters.
Ominous Magic Crystal
A crystal for collecting sinister magic. Attach it to the device to destroy it.
Spell Amplifier
An amplifier carried by Black Maizes. An item wanted by Revelator Mihail.
Raffly Soul Crystal
Vubbe Warrior Mind Crystal
Once the heir of one the more prestigious families fashioned their hair this way, many followed suit. It must be said however, it's difficult to capitalize on its charm without being attractive in the first place.
A hairstyle imitated by many, restored from around the time of the Millenary. However, it was mostly done by nobility due to it being difficult to cut and maintain.
Root Lifted Wave Hairstyle
Some say that a mere hairstyle cannot be a way to show one's respect for the goddesses.{nl}However, goddesses also have their preferences.
Noble Ponytail
A hairstyle that's come into fashion each time the kingdom was at peace. This hairstyle signifies longing for the peace of times past, before Medzio Diena.
According to some rumors, General Ramin was able to find the princess half buried in the ruins of the old capital thanks to this hairstyle.
This hairstyle has an inornate natural beauty about it. Much like the blessings of the goddesses.
Noble Long
Originally a hairstyle for esteemed daughters attending the Royal Girl's School in the old capital, it has since been imitated by many women.
Short Cut Firm
A metaphor that best fits this hairstyle is that it's as if the sanctity of the Goddess Statue has descended upon one's hair. Not the wooden statue of course.
Artie Saif
Vienie Badelaire
Magi Colichemarde
Lumas Sword
Artie Farangi
Vienie Thorn Cutter
Duro Demion Sword
Vienie Koperon Sword
Futere Scimitar
Magi Shamshir
Supportive Badelaire
Seimos Sword
Magas Sword
Holy Blade
Ira Blade
Pensara Sword
Ruma Sword
Catacombs Blade
 - Deals additional damage equal to 50% of an enemy's block value when using a basic attack
Lolopanther Sword
Jaas Katzbalger
Earth Dress Sword
Slaake Zweihander
Lumas Two-handed Sword
Magi Executioner's Sword
Artie Greatsword
Vienie Overknife
Duris Twin Blade
Eki Lumai Two-handed Sword
Vienie Twin Blade
Supportive Katzbalger
Seimos Two-handed Sword
 - 2% chance to deal additional damage equal to the ammount of your SP recovery rate
Tilly Two-handed Sword
Khasti Two-handed Sword
Pensara Two-handed Sword
Magi Two-handed Sword
Lolopanther Two-handed Sword
Magi Alter Rod
Artie Nald Rod
Schipell Meteor Rod
Lumas Rod
Slaake Meteor Rod
Hunting Ring Rod
Vitt Corona Rod
Duris Battle Rod
Artie Snake Rod
Supportive Alter Rod
Seimos Rod
Tilly Rod
Khasti Rod
Magic Circle
Pensara Rod
Maga Rod
Lolopanther Rod
Lightning Siege Bow
Vienie Sniper Bow
Earth Skull Bow
Lumas Bow
Poison Wooden Compound Bow
Futere Tag Bow
Vienie Rogue Bow
Hunting Wreech Bow
Magi Kaman
Light Gorithos
Supportive Siege Bow
Seimos Bow
Tilly Bow
Khasti Bow
Pensara Bow
Maga Bow
Lolopanther Bow
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
 - [Backstab] skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3
 - 2% chance to deal {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 600% damage
Eki Fedimian Turret
Eki Veteran Crossbow
Holy Bullet Shooter
Lumas Crossbow
Vitt Black Tip Shooter
Vienie Spiked Crossbow
Vienie Windlass
Light Kracked Shooter
Adata Cranequin
Didel Kracked Shooter
Supportive Fedimian Turret
Didel Grand Cross
A good and popular bow for Quarrel Shooters.
Seimos Crossbow
Magas Shooter
Pensara Crossbow
Ruma Crossbow
Catacombs Shooter
Lolopanther Crossbow
Vienie Fedimian Club
Slaake Rune Mace
Lightning Spiked Club
Lumas Mace
Magi Stirus Hammer
Vienie War Hammer
Eki Sledgehammer
Dark Burawa
Artie Battle Hammer
Didel Burawa
Supportive Fedimian Club
Seimos Mace
Magas Mace
Pensara Mace
Ruma Mace
Catacombs Club
Lolopanther Club
Ledas Shield
Otrava Shield
Lolopanther Shield
Hell's Alchupiz
Hunting Gelti Alchupiz
Jaas Winged Spear
Lumas Spear
Artie Breach Pike
Light Langdebeve
Adata Chauve-souris
Slaake Corsesca
Artie Hasta
Vienie Corsesca
Supportive Alchupiz
Seimos Spear
Tilly Spear
Khasti Spear
Pensara Spear
Maga Spear
Lolopanther Spear
Light Royal Partisan
Slaake Cone Pike
Holy Fedimian Pike
Lumas Pike
Earth Royal Trident
Artie Battle Fork
Magi Halberd
Duris Demon Pike
Holy Partisan
Hell's Demon Pike
Supportive Royal Partisan
Seimos Pike
Magas Pike
Pensara Pike
Ruma Pike
Catacombs Pike
 - {img green_up_arrow 16 16}235 additional damage when using [Impaler]
Lolopanther Pike
Plunger
Two-handed Spear [Strike]
 - 3% chance to inflict [Corruption] on an enemy for 20 seconds
Lolopanther Dagger
Earth Drake Staff
Red Cross Staff
Artie Cross Staff
Lumas Staff
Hunting Astro Staff
Light Astro Staff
Artie Bokun Staff
Dellis Evil Staff
Ice Evil Staff
Artie Stag Staff
Supportive Drake Staff
Seimos Staff
Wizard Staff
 - [Magic Missile] damage {img green_up_arrow 16 16}186
Magas Staff
Pensara Staff
Ruma Staff
Catacombs Staff
Lolopanther Staff
 - All Schwarzer Reiter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Lolopanther Pistol
Eki Rapier
Lightning Rapier
Duris Epee
Coro Epee
Artie Dual Rapier
Slaake Dual Rapier
Magas Rapier
Pensara Rapier
 - All Fencer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - 3% chance to inflict additional Holy property attacks
Catacombs Rapier
Lolopanther Rapier
 - All Fencer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Lolopanther Cannon
A weapon that contains the grace of a goddess.
Fire Musket
Eki Musket
Vienie Musket
Pensara Musket
 - [Covering Fire] skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Lolopanther Musket
 - All Musketeer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Materials from monsters after Medzio Diena have been used on armor, and this piece of equipment is no different.
Virtov Gloves
Virtov Boots
Virtov Pants
Virtov Robe
Virtov Leather Gloves
Virtov Leather Boots
Virtov Leather Pants
Virtov Leather Robe
Virtov Plate Gloves
Virtov Plate Boots
Virtov Plate Pants
Virtov Plate Robe
Lolopanther Gloves
Lolopanther Boots
Lolopanther Pants
Lolopanther Robe
Lolopanther Leather Gloves
Lolopanther Leather Boots
Lolopanther Leather Pants
Lolopanther Leather Armor
Lolopanther Plate Gauntlets
Lolopanther Plate Greaves
Lolopanther Plate Leggings
Lolopanther Plate Mail
 - Increases your magic defense by {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 6 and reduces your physical defense by {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 6 for 30 seconds when receiving a magical attack (Max Stacks: 20)
Lolopanther Medal
Terrallion
Archmage Bangle
Lolopanther Bracelet
Phada
Paladin Follower Costume
Christina Costume
Keep calm and carry on!
Champagne Glass
Champagne
Base of the Stone Statue
Popcorn
Stat Reset Scroll [Remove]
A potion concocted by those who have made good choices; for use by those who have not.{nl}Use this to reset the stats of your character.
Adds 985061 Character EXP and 758496 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Adds 2420348 Character EXP and 1863667 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Set up a structure that increases magic attack by 30 for 24 hours to all guild members. Can only be set up in the Guild Hangout.
Set up a structure that increases physical attack by 30 for 24 hours to all guild members. Can only be set up in the Guild Hangout.
The Academy provides an effect that increases the INT of all guild members. Can only be used in the Guild Hangout.
Basic Antidote
Warm Bread Roll
Strange Potion
Attack Boost Potion: Pierce
Increases attack of the Pierce property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Slash
Increases attack of the Slash property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Strike
Increases attack of the Strike property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Missile
Increases attack of the Missile property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Fire
Increases attack of the Fire property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Ice
Increases attack of the Ice property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Poison
Increases attack of the Poison property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Lightning
Increases attack of the Lightning property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Earth
Increases attack of the Earth property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Holy
Increases attack of the Holy property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Dark
Increases attack of the Dark property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Pierce
Increases defense of the Pierce property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Slash
Increases defense of the Slash property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Strike
Increases defense of the Strike property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Missile
Increases defense of the Missile property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Fire
Increases defense of the Fire property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Ice
Increases defense of the Ice property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Poison
Increases defense of the Poison property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Lightning
Increases defense of the Lightning property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Earth
Increases defense of the Earth property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Holy
Increases defense of the Holy property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Defense Boost Potion: Dark
Increases defense of the Dark property against characters by 5% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Rosemary
Lavender
Basic Silver Chest
Contains silver. This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Intermediate Silver Chest
Advanced Silver Chest
Settlement Support Potion
Increases your movement speed by 2 and your physical/magic attack by 50, for 30 minutes.{nl}Right-click to use.{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Basic HP Potion Lv5
Basic HP Potion Lv10
Basic SP Potion Lv5
Basic SP Potion Lv10
Settlement Support Chest: Lv15
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 15.{nl}- 30x Lv3 EXP Card{nl}- 5x Soul Crystal{nl}- 10x Settlement Support Potion{nl}- Settlement Support Chest: Lv45{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Settlement Support Chest: Lv45
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 40.{nl}- 20x Lv4 EXP Card{nl}- 10x Settlement Support Potion{nl}- 3x EXP Tome{nl}- Settlement Support Chest: Lv60{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Settlement Support Chest: Lv60
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 60.{nl}- 35x Lv4 EXP Card{nl}- 5x Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher{nl}- 10x Settlement Support Potion{nl}- Settlement Support Chest: Lv75{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Settlement Support Chest: Lv75
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 75.{nl}- 40x Lv6 EXP Card{nl}- 5x Enchant Scroll{nl}- 1x Skill Reset Potion{nl}- Settlement Support Chest: Lv100{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Settlement Support Chest: Lv100
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 100.{nl}- 40x Lv6 EXP Card{nl}- 50 TP [Event]{nl}- 40x Megaphone{nl}- Token: 15 Days [Event]{nl}- Supportive Badelaire{nl}- Supportive Katzbalger{nl}- Supportive Alchupiz{nl}- Supportive Royal Partisan{nl}- Supportive Alter Rod{nl}- Supportive Drake Staff{nl}- Supportive Siege Bow{nl}- Supportive Fedimian Turret{nl}- Supportive Fedimian Club{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Collection: Gele Plateau
Saalus Cube
Earth Tower 5F Cube
Contains a random gem.{nl}Right-click to use.
Earth Tower 10F Cube
Earth Tower 15F Cube
Earth Tower 20F Cube
Lucky Red Box
Contains a random item. This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 4th.
Lucky Blue Box
Lucky Orange Box
Lucky Green Box
Lucky Golden Box
Manticen Cube
Lavenzard Cube
Pierced Manticen Cube
Rafene Cube
A crystal fragment that can be obtained from Crystal Mine Lot 2. You can obtain a particular crystal after collecting and processing a plentiful amount.
A stone carved with ancient letters containing magical powers.{nl}Purchasable from the Rune Caster Master.
Alphabet T
If you combine the letters 'TREE', 'SAVIOR' or 'TREEOFSAVIOR', you can exchange it for a Lucky Box with the Magic Association NPC.
Alphabet R
Alphabet E
Alphabet O
Alphabet F
Alphabet S
Alphabet A
Alphabet V
Alphabet I
Lv1 Earth Fragment
Obtained from the Lolopanther Area in the Earth Tower.
Pyroego Essence
Gosarius Essence
Turtai Essence
G'bb Essence
Lv9 Gem Abrasive
Lv10 Gem Abrasive
Jonazole Seeds
Mairunas Seeds
Rosemary Seeds
Lavender Seeds
Faustas' Diary
A diary that Faustas maintained while conducting forbidden experiments. Readable.
Elluma's Diary
A diary that Elluma wrote on the way to Vedas Plateau. Readable.
Corroded Leaf
Canyon bomb.
Rune Stone of Ice
A stone with strange letters written on it.
Rune Stone of Giants
Rune Stone of Justice
Rune Stone of Protection
Rune Stone of Destruction
Rune Stone of the First Master
A rune stone made by the first master of the Rune Casters.
Blue Magic Stone
Material of a rune stone. In order to become a Rune Caster, you must create a rune stone of your own.
Malstatue's Magic Fragment
Velaphid's Cold Blood
Pumpleflap's Robust Horn
Lolopanthers are beings who once served Goddess Zemyna. Although most of them are human, not all of them are.
Not many records remain of those who served Goddess Zemyna in their times. But we can witness sections of the goddess' history through names such as those of a few historical places; and especially the names of weapons such as this.
In light of this situation where the only way left to meet Goddess Zemyna was to climb up the Earth Tower, it'll allow us to restore old history from the names remaining in the tower. We are also left with more opportunities to obtain some pretty powerful magical weapons.
The cost to maintain this bow is pricey, except for those who serve the Fletcher Master. People like Lydia Schaffen, the one who founded the Astral Tower.
The Quarrel Shooter Master himself had received this bow recently.
Some records go as far as calling it a small siege weapon.
 - Causes an explosion after every 10th consecutive attack.
Ores and products of the earth can transform into a powerful weapon with the connivance of the goddess.
This truly makes you proud to be under the protection of the goddess of the earth.
Some people believe that Lolopanther equipment is made without the permission of the goddess, and is simply taking advantage of her absence.
Others believe Goddess Zemyna bestowed the right to freely use any material that grows on her land. If that wasn't the case, it would be impossible to mine the materials. However, this does not mean that we have the absolute right to do what we want.
The history of the Lolopanthers is surprisingly long. Unlike other weapons, the Lolopanther Dagger dates back to before the kingdom was founded.
One legend told that Goddess Zemyna's temple itself was a pillar of the earth. The legend is now forgotten, but the staff celebrating the legend remains to this day.
Warsis Creak has succeeded in developing a new type of weapon from the Lolopanther Musket. However, it is unknown when and how this happened.
A weapon as firm as the ground, light as a feather, and strong as a rock.
The masters who deal with gunpowder regularly use it with newly designed or discovered weapons. The same can be said for this cannon. Quicktongue, however, hardly shares any new discoveries and is likely considering his military career.
Those who dare to belittle the weapons grown by the goddess are doomed to have their blood fed to her earth.
Those who worship the great goddess will receive the wisdom through one's humility. This equipment proves that this is true not only for clerics, but for wizards too.
Whoever carries this will become the master of the earth and receive its grace with every step. However, maintaining this equipment is a problem for humans in regard to cost, which is of no concern to the goddess.
Regardless of what rights the goddess of the earth may give, those who carry and use this equipment do so to their own abilities. Do you not wonder whether it possesses an even greater power?
With every new piece of equipment, the power bestowed by the goddess of the earth is imparted on it.
Users of this equipment may not realize, but designers and artisans know that obtaining the blessing of Goddess Zemyna when using leather is not as easy as it is for cloth or metal. Thanks to their effort, it shines today on the battlefield.
Compared to other leather equipment, it is more readily blessed by Goddess Zemyna since it comes into direct contact with the ground.
Some Lolopanther equipment was not also made using the power of the owner of the tower, Goddess Zemyna, but also of the invading demons. In this case, it is important to maintain balance for equipment.
Many of the efforts to take away the power of the demons and what they were targeting remains unknown. The answers lay buried in the history of the Earth Tower.
The goddess of the earth is glad to offer humans the ores forged at her hands. However, she does not look kindly on those who take her gifts for granted.
The goddess of the earth may have allowed humans to carry weapons; that does not mean she hopes they will bring war and bloodshed. There is a special reason to make use of this particular piece of equipment.
This piece of equipment helps your two legs stand firm on Goddess Zemyna's territory.
Your faith in Goddess Zemyna and your courage need to stand forever - as firm as the earth. You must stay resolute if you receive this equipment.
The grace of the goddess of the earth is in your heart; the time to show the world your bravery has come.
It is possible to focus the power of all the goddesses in an object to increase one's abilities. It is said that the first person to ever succeed in this type of magic infusion was a nun from Saalus Convent.
Among the efforts to combine holy and magic power while eliminating conflicting elements, a few objects were made that were both a success and a failure. This bracelet is an example of such paradoxical creations.
This piece of equipment will help you pierce through the demonic darkness.
This bracelet works by strenghtening the war spirit of those who wear it. It is very powerful, but it does not come without some drawbacks.
Metal Detector
Adds 2686 Character EXP and 2668 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 5.
Adds 8442 Character EXP and 6500 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 20.
Adds 22860 Character EXP and 17602 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 40.
Adds 24571 Character EXP and 18919 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 60.
Adds 60312 Character EXP and 46440 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 80.
Adds 142150 Character EXP and 109455 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 100.
Adds 209334 Character EXP and 161187 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 120.
Adds 237943 Character EXP and 183216 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 150.
Adds 541023 Character EXP and 416587 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 180.
Adds 985061 Character EXP and 758496 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 210.
Adds 2420348 Character EXP and 1863667 Class EXP.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 250.
Reward EXP Card
Adds 479397 Character EXP and 369135 Class EXP. {nl}Right-click to use.
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 45.{nl}- 20x Lv4 EXP Card{nl}- 10x Settlement Support Potion{nl}- 3x EXP Tome{nl}- Settlement Support Chest: Lv60{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of March 7th.
Research Materials
Research materials stolen from Gatre by the demons.
A manual given by Gatre.
Research documents mistakenly thrown away by Gatre.
Anesthetic Powder
An anesthetic powder used to sedate monsters.
Green Eldigo Blood
Blood collected from monsters in Alemeth.
Lost Research Note, Chapter 1
A research note written by Boldas before becoming unconscious during Sarma's experiment.
Lost Research Note, Chapter 2
Lost Research Note, Chapter 3
Fruit Juice Crystal
Fruit juice crystallized on a monster's body. Used in Sarma's research.
Aged Fruit Tree Sap
Sap collected from fruit trees in Alemeth Forest, matured through a special process. Absolutely necessary for Sarma's experiment.
Red Lake Water
Water collected from a red lake. It looks eery.
Alchemical Blend
A mix of ingredients needed for Sarma's experiment.
Sarma's Experiment Solution
A solution created in Sarma's transmutation circle.
Small Experiment Flask
A flask containing some of the solution created in Sarma's transmutation circle.
Alemeth Forest Ingredient List
A list of ingredients needed for Sarma's research.
Overgrown Plant Leaves
Leaves from an overgrown fruit tree. Used in Sarma's research.
Adomas' Note
A note left by Adomas.
Run away from Faustas'
is what it says. Deliver it to a Necromancer named Lemija.
A letter from a soldier. It seems to have been written to their family, but it was never delivered.
Monster Corpse Piece
A piece of a defeated monster's corpse. Lemija says it can be used to make an amulet.
Lemija's Amulet
An amulet made by Lemija. It can absorb the magic occupying the body of the frozen soldier.
Assistant Commander's Note
A note by the Assistant Commander of Vedas Plateau. It describes the situation of the region.
Vedas Plateau Soldier's Belongings
Objects obtained from monsters. They seem to be souvenirs for the soldier.
Engagement Ring
A ring given by the Assistant Commander of Vedas Plateau. Deliver it to Royal Army Officer Retia.
Base Reagent
A reagent chemical found in an abandoned tent. It seems to have been created for an experiment.
Spion Tree Leaves
Tree leaves used as weapons by Spions. They are softer than they look.
Lucienne's Reagent
A reagent chemical made by Lucienne to kill the giant vines in Nahash Forest.
Spion Teeth
The teeth of a Spion. They are surprisingly tough.
Vaidotas' Neutralizer
A neutralizing agent given by Vaidotas. It contains a substance able to neutralize Lucienne's Reagent.
Experiment Herb Seeds
Herb seeds Lucienne has asked you to plant. It seems they're going to be used to make a reagent.
Soul Sphere
A sphere given by a villager. It is said to prevent attacks when filled with demon souls.
Red blood collected from a demon. It is impossible to find out what its use is.
Purified Soul Sphere
A sphere purified by the abbot. It exudes divine energy.
A scripture containing the doctrines of the Order of the Tree of Truth.
Edible Food Items
Random food items left behind at Namoth Cross Parvis. They look like they're about to go bad, but still seem edible.
Lucienne's Special Reagent
A special reagent created by Lucienne as a result of her research. It was made according to Vaidotas' advice.
A key made of sparkling blue fragments. Used to activate a certain device.
A suspicious pouch found buried in the ground. It exudes a strange smell.
Peculiar Coral Fragment
A peculiar-looking piece of coral. It seems to have come from a never-before-seen species.
Greentoshell Shell Fragment
A piece of Greentoshell shell. It can be ground and used as an ointment ingredient.
Blue Lapasape Moss
Moss that grows on the bodies of Lapasape Mages. It can be used as an ingredient for ointment.
Merchant's Magic Detector
A compass borrowed from a merchant, useful in finding a tool able to open a magically-locked chest. It points to nearby magic objects.
Old Backpack
An old backpack that reacts to the magic detector. It contains several objects of unknown use...
Arnim Coral Piece
A peculiar-looking piece of coral. It is said to have come from a never-before-seen species. Investigate nearby corals.
Hoglan Companion Voucher
Use this voucher in exchange for a Hoglan companion at the Companion Shop.
Ribbon Arm Band
Critti Cannon
Vista Cannon
Erera Cannon
Stropy Cannon
Agvara Cannon
Bronza Medal
Argint Medal
Auru Medal
Platina Medal
Bronza Bracelet
Argint Bracelet
Auru Bracelet
Platina Bracelet
Archer Circle 3 Costume
Priest Circle 3 Costume
Leaf Ornament Helmet
A helmet adorned with a leaf ornament. The leaf symbolizes the blessings of the goddesses.
Party Horn
A cheerful sound can be heard when you blow on it. Can be used once every 30 seconds.
Title - Story Teller
Use it to obtain this title.
100 Days Celebration Potion
Increases movement speed by 2, physical and magic attack by 50 for 1 hour. Right-click to use.
Can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. When you fail at an enhance level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10. Right-click to use.
Silver Anvil
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. You can enhance equipment without the cost of silver. Right-click to use.
It may be small, but big enough to feel the pain. Obtained from Tontus.
Demono Amulet
[Effect] 0.8% chance to inflict 8640 additional damage against Devil-type Targets
Augalo Amulet
[Effect] 0.8% chance to inflict 8640 additional damage against Plant-type Targets
Perejimo Amulet
[Effect] 0.8% chance to inflict 8640 additional damage against Mutant-type Targets
Zveries Amulet
[Effect] 0.8% chance to inflict 8640 additional damage against Beast-type Targets
Vabalo Amulet
[Effect] 0.8% chance to inflict 8640 additional damage against Insect-type Targets
Magijos Amulet
[Effect] 5% chance to increase magic amplification by 152 for 30 seconds upon a critical
Vinies Amulet
[Effect] 15% chance to inflict [Bleeding] for 3 seconds when using [Slash]-type attacks
Palemidas Amulet
[Effect] 5% chance to decrease defense by 50% for 3 seconds when using [Pierce]-type attacks
Pertraukos Amulet
[Effect] 5% chance to inflict [Stun] for 0.5 seconds when using [Strike]-type attacks
Blue Orb: Brown Socket Archer
Red Orb: Brown Socket Archer
Strange Map
A tool found on the purification device at Crystal Mine 3F. Put it back after using it, so other people may use it too.
Faulty Trap
An expensive trap purchased by Priest Draznie for setting it up at Ashaq Underground Prison 2F. For the price, it doesn't work that well.
Blue Coal
Coal hidden in Koru Jungle by traveling merchants.
Stone
A common stone that can be obtained easily. It is adequately sized to be thrown.
Coral Horn Piece
A horn obtained from a monster. It is very hard.
Earth Magic Stone
A magical stone that can absorb the earth energy.
Sea Magic Stone
A magical stone that can absorb the sea energy.
Balance Magic Stone
A magical stone that can absorb balancing energy.
Binding Magic Circle Scroll
A scroll that contains a new binding magic circle. It's safer than the previous magic circles.
Magic Searching Stone
A magic searching stone that can find the binding magic circle.
Cane's Upper Part Piece Fragment
A piece that seems to belong to the upper part of a broken cane.
Cane's Central Part Piece Fragment
A piece that seems to belong to the central part of a broken cane.
Cane's Lower Part Piece Fragment
A piece that seems to belong to the lower part of a broken cane.
Old Cane
Restored from a broken cane.
Warrior's Spring Flower Dress (Male)
Warrior's Spring Flower Dress (Female)
Wizard's Spring Flower Dress (Male)
Wizard's Spring Flower Dress (Female)
Archer's Spring Flower Dress (Male)
Archer's Spring Flower Dress (Female)
Priest's Spring Flower Dress (Male)
Priest's Spring Flower Dress (Female)
Cleric's Spring Flower Dress (Male)
Cleric's Spring Flower Dress (Female)
Collection: What Is Falchion
Collection: Bug Hater
Collection: Love For Foreign Land
Marnox Cube
Wizard's Spring Flower Dress (Male)
Wizard's Spring Flower Dress (Female)
Cockatrice Head (Male)
A cockatrice head decoration for men. It cannot be dyed.
Quiff Style
Cockatrice Head (Female)
A cockatrice head decoration for men. It cannot be dyed.
Long-Wave Perm
Contact Lenses
Yellow Contact Lenses
Colored contact lenses can alter the color of your eyes.
Violet Contact Lenses
Standard Sword
Standard Two-handed Sword
Standard Bow
Standard Crossbow
Standard Two-handed Spear
Standard Dagger
 - [Poison Effect] 2% chance to inflict poison that deals damage over 10 seconds on an enemy when attacking with a dagger
Standard Staff
 - Staff attacks (C Key) increases damage equal to 200% of your magic attack
Standard Rapier
Standard Cannon
Standard Musket
This magical armor will extend your maximum HP.
This gear was one of the first to utilize extracting magic properties from monsters.
This gear is a successful result of an attempt to extract lifeforce from Insect-type monsters.
It helps its wearer recover with the energy that made numerous lives.
The will of the Winterspoons came true. Thanks to this gear, many have survived and saw glory.
This outfit is best suited for high-ranked clerics.
It doesn't look that strong but it is stronger than any raw hide.
The time the magical power bestowed on this gear to reach its wearer's mind differs from a person to person.
Many Insect-type monsters either have or have an immunity to poison. Such capability can be applied to this gear.
The Winterspoons have revealed what by-products can be used as substitutes for their traditional materials.
Something from a Cockatrice may have changed the Dark properties of spirits. Nothing is certain yet.
Some masters avoid using this gear but not all does.
It helps its wearer maintain balance. Paradoxically, it also helps its wearer's evasion as well.
Ordinary evasion does not get enhanced.
Some say the blessings from the goddesses is upon this shoes when they are made.
Those who are not a Winterspoon is continuously working on a way to discover the gear's hidden powers.
This gear is for those who does not care or cannot care whichever power it might help them out of a crisis.
This armor presents its wearer with a strange sixth sense. For example, one can attack multiple enemies at once.
Some swordsmen claim this gear is also useful when fighting against other people.
The wearer of this gear might experience some strange energy overflowing from the inside.
What sets this gear apart from that of normal Grima gear is that when combined, it brings a new power.
Give thy enemies the Inferno they deserve.
There are numerous episodes and recipes related to silver in the history of Fedimian.
This gear was made according to the latest recipe revealed by the Winterspoons.
Many counter-measures against all those specters have been made, this is one of them.
Something equivalent must be paid when depending on the dark energy.
Argint is a name derived from the society of silver craftsmen back in its heyday. Even now, when the silver craftsmanship has died down, its name and its value remain firm.
 - Increases magic amplification equal to 40% of HP recovery{nl} - Reduces basic HP recovery to 0
Gabija Costume
Gabija costume. The way to acquire this is a
secret
at the moment.
Ausrine Costume
Ausrine costume. Even if a male character wears it, it will appear like a female.
Vakarine Costume
Vakarine costume. The way to acquire this costume is veiled in mysteries.
Cockatrice Costume
A costume designed after a Cockatrice.{nl}Right-click to equip.
Highlander Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Highlander Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Orsha Soldier Costume: 7 Days
Highlander Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Uska Costume
Wilhelmina Costume
Orsha Soldier Costume (Male)
Orsha Soldier Costume (Female)
Trump Swordman Costume (Male)
Trump Swordman Costume (Female)
Orsha Soldier Costume: 1 Minute
Jurus Costume: 7 Days
Grita Costume: 7 Days
Wizard Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Wizard Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Wizard Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Lord Delmore Costume
Wizard Master Costume
Jurus Costume
Grita Costume
Trump Wizard Costume (Male)
Trump Wizard Costume (Female)
Jurus Costume: 1 Minute
Grita Costume: 1 Minute
Archer Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for an Archer Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Archer Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Pilgrim Costume (Male): 7 Days
Pilgrim Costume (Female): 7 Days
Manager Costume
Storage Keeper Costume
Quarrel Shooter Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Quarrel Shooter Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Quarrel Shooter Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Pilgrim Costume (Male)
Pilgrim Costume (Female)
Trump Archer Costume (Male)
Trump Archer Costume (Female)
Pilgrim Costume (Male): 1 Minute
Pilgrim Costume (Female): 1 Minute
Priest Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Priest Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Priest Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Fedimian Merchant Costume (Male): 7 Days
Fedimian Merchant Costume (Female): 7 Days
Item Merchant Alf Costume
Equipment Merchant Jura Costume
Fedimian Merchant Costume (Male)
Fedimian Merchant Costume (Female)
Trump Cleric Costume (Male)
Trump Cleric Costume (Female)
Fedimian Merchant Costume (Male): 1 Minute
Fedimian Merchant Costume (Female): 1 Minute
White Flower Headgear
Red Flower Headgear
Event Balloon
This headgear will change its pose when viewed from a different angle. Right-click to equip.
Cat's Feet Handband
Major Spade Hat
Diamond Magician Hat
Queen Diamond's Tiara
Sailor Heart Hat
Clover Feather Hat
Rosary
Basic Red Ox
Physical+Magic Defense Potion
Keista HP Potion Lv1
Restores 1300 HP immediately and additionally restores 1820 HP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 40 seconds.
Keista HP Potion Lv2
Restores 1560 HP immediately and additionally restores 2184 HP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 40 seconds.
Keista HP Potion Lv3
Restores 1870 HP immediately and additionally restores 2618 HP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 40 seconds.
Keista SP Potion Lv1
Restores 1300 SP immediately and additionally restores 1820 SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 40 seconds.
Keista SP Potion Lv2
Restores 1560 SP immediately and additionally restores 2184 SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 40 seconds.
Keista SP Potion Lv3
Restores 1870 SP immediately and additionally restores 2618 SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 40 seconds.
Keista Restoration Potion Lv1
Keista Protective Potion
Increases physical and magic defense by 100 for 3 minutes. Right-click to use it. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
A Penguin's favorite treat. Restores HP completely and Stamina by 600.
Anchovy
Feed it to Penguin. It will restore all its HP and Stamina by 15.
Keistas Bravery Potion
Increases physical and magic attack by 55 for 3 minutes. Right-click to use it. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Tomato
Movement Speed Potion
Increases your movement speed by 3 for 250 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 300 seconds.
Collection: Beginner Weapon
Collection: Beginner Armor
Penguin Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered. {nl} This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion gives the player a physical and magic defense buff when nearby the player.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}28 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}46 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 50 seconds.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}93 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 70 seconds.
Consumed when performing a skill.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}373 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 50 seconds.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}744 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 70 seconds.
Increases your maximum SP for 10 minutes.
Increases your maximum HP for 10 minutes.
Adds 2420348 Character EXP and 1863583 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 250.
Increases physical attack by 65 for 30 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}373 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Attok Box of Materials
Attok Box of Odds and Ends
Attok Suspicious Box
Attok Cube
Silver Anvil: 14 Days
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. You can enhance equipment without the cost of silver. Right-click to use. Usable for 14 days after being acquired.
Potential Increase Anvil
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the potential. Right-click to use.
Potential Increase Anvil: 14 Days
Cockat Heart
The heart of a beast. Similar to a human heart. Obtained from Cockats.
Cockat Beak
Try to stop it with a shield and it will likely break. Obtained from Cockats.
Occasionally obtained from Plant-type monsters. Used to make other items.
Awakening Stone: 14 Days
Helps awaken an item without reducing the potential of an equipment. Usable for 14 days after being acquired.
Black Ingot
Reward
A black-colored ingot. It's hard to tell what material it is made of.
Golden Ingot
A gold-colored ingot. It looks made of actual gold.
Unknown Hide
Nobody knows what beast it came from or even if it's an actual hide.
Brown Glue
Considering how sticky it looks, it must be glue...
Broken Crystal
A crystal, broken for reasons unknown.
Red Strand
It feels like a strand of yarn, but looks made of an unknown metal.
Red Crystal
A red-colored crystal.
Yellow Crystal
A yellow-colored crystal.
Purple Crystal
A purple-colored crystal.
Awakening Stone: 1 Minute
[Equip Effect] 20% chance to reduce an enemy's physical and magic defense by 50% for 10 seconds after a successful block
[Equip Effect] 15% chance to increase your damage by 20% for 15 seconds on knocked-down enemies
[Equip Effect] 3% chance to reduce an enemy's SP by 1096 when attacking it from behind
[Equip Effect] When you are hit with your HP below 10%, there is a 4% chance to recover 2100 HP over 6 seconds
An egg that can grow a companion. Companion eggs can be used inside a guild's hangout.
Lesser Panda Egg
Lesser Panda Box
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion gives the player a critical rate and critical attack buff when nearby the player.
T Ticket
A ticket showing the initial 'T'.{nl}Can be traded for an item at Magic Association NPCs found in the cities.
Swordsman School Look Costume (Male)
Swordsman School Look Costume (Female)
Wizard School Look Costume (Male)
Wizard School Look Costume (Female)
Archer School Look Costume (Male)
Archer School Look Costume (Female)
Cleric School Look Costume (Male)
Cleric School Look Costume (Female)
Noble Dandy Cut
Crimson Contact Lenses
Black Contact Lenses
Pink Heart Contact Lenses
A pair of contact lenses that can change your eye color and shape.{nl}Right-click to use and change the appearance of your eyes.
Shiny Contact Lenses
Hunting Ring Rod
Zemyna's Necklace
[Event] Necklace
A necklace with the powers of Goddess Zemyna. It will not last long as it is too crude to hold the power of the goddesses.
Slightly Broken Anti-Dark Property Necklace
A slightly broken necklace, which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Slightly Broken Anti-Cold Property Necklace
A slightly broken necklace, which seems to be very effective at blocking Ice property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Slightly Broken Kantravi Necklace
A slightly broken necklace, which seems to be very effective at blocking ranged attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Slightly Broken Tablet Necklace
A slightly broken necklace, which seems to be very effective at blocking unknown attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Anti-Dark Property Necklace
A necklace which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Anti-Cold Property Necklace
A necklace which seems to be very effective at blocking Ice property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Kantravi Necklace
A necklace which seems to be very effective at blocking ranged attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Tablet Necklace
A necklace which seems to be very effective at blocking unknown attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Rhevisan Necklace
A necklace occasionally found in the labyrinth that has been treated to various transmutations and has become very effective at blocking Dark property damage.
Lord Hamondale's Bracelet
Lord Hamondale's favorite bracelet.
Knight Commander Uska's Bangle
A bangle worn by Knight Commander Uska.
Broken Anti-Dark Property Bracelet
A slightly broken bracelet, which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Broken Anti-Cold Property Bracelet
A slightly broken bracelet, which seems to be very effective at blocking Ice property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Broken Kantravi Bracelet
A slightly broken bracelet, which seems to be very effective at blocking ranged attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Broken Tablet Bracelet
A slightly broken bracelet, which seems to be very effective at blocking unknown attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Anti-Dark Property Bracelet
A bracelet which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Anti-Cold Property Bracelet
A bracelet which seems to be very effective at blocking Ice property damage. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Kantravi Bracelet
A bracelet which seems to be very effective at blocking ranged attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Tablet Bracelet
A bracelet which seems to be very effective at blocking unknown attacks. It is said to have been found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
Rhevisan Bracelet
A necklace occasionally found in the labyrinth that has various materials added on to become very effective at blocking Dark property damage.
Mage Bunny Girl Costume (Female)
Dievdirbys Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Exclusive for 3rd Circle Dievdirbys. Your appearance will change when equipped.
Dievdirbys Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Cleric Servant Costume (Male)
Cleric Servant Costume (Female)
White Bunny Hairband
Show everyone the innocence and cuteness of the color white at the same time.
A Bokor can summon zombies by using this capsule. You must know the [Zombify] skill in order to use it and the maximum zombie count is the same as from [Zombify]. Please note that the zombies will be much less capable than the zombies summoned by defeating monsters.
Heart-shaped Lens
Restores your HP and SP by 28 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 46 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 50 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 93 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 70 seconds.
Vubbe Venom Sample
A sample of Vubbe venom.
Red Kepa Skin
Proof of a Swordmaster's abilities; the skin of a Red Kepa.
The core of a Jukopus, requested by the Archer Master.
Cockat Tail
The tail of an already sick Cockat.
Orb Crystal
Said to turn into a Holy Stone when gathered in large quantities.
Lapasape Wand Fragment
A wand fragment obtained from a Lapasape in Knidos Jungle. Showing this to Tess could help calm her down.
Dry Dadania Leaves
An infusion of these leaves is said to be very good for your health.
Antidote Sample
The elder's granddaughter believes this could help save the people.
Fading Spirit
A faint spirit with no real conscience.
Worn Ancient Scriptures
Historian Grenus wants to use these to write a history book.
Dirty Pouch
An object requested by a security guard working at the Zachariel Crossroads. Its looks don't really make one curious to see what's inside.
Guardian's Essence
An essence kept by guardians, requested by the guardian of the Royal Mausoleum.
Concentrated Evil Energy
Looking at it will probably put you in a bad mood.
Maroulu Grass
Said to help with symptoms of lethargy.
Hidden Farming Tools
Work tools hidden by farmers.
Offering Pouch
A bag of goods requested by Necromancer Drasius.
Ceyral Saplings
Some vivacious leaves Believer Dreka wants to offer Goddess Lada.
Manaryll Tombstone
A gravestone found near Manahas Village.
Sticky Wings
Wings obtained from defeating Dandels and Keparis.
Wooden Materials
Wooden Fence
Item needed to enhance the power of a bomb.
Enhanced Bomb
Wizard Tulis wants to use this to see reactions from Ore.
Blue Cronewt Needler Crystal
Magic Stone
Purified Monster Essence
Wizard Tulis' Special Scroll
Wizard Tulis' Scroll
Tini Salivary Gland
Transformed Blue Hohen Ritter Essence
Wild Ginger Plant
A herb possessing antiseptic properties.
A black stone needed to strengthen the bomb.
White Spion Essence
Detection Orb
Sikljien Herbs
A bomb made by Villager Argis.
Purification Sphere
Sphere for Cursed Statue Purification
Divine Armor
Altered Bomb
Orb Fragment
A sparkly orb fragment found at the Evacuation Residential District.
A bomb found at the Shelter Area. Powerful enough to easily destroy even sturdy structures.
Ruklys Army Badge
Obtained from the Officer's Spirit at the Ruklys Hall of Fame.
Yellow Griba Pollen
Pollen from a Yellow Griba. It exudes a strange smell, said to clear the mind of those who inhale it.
Yellow Sapous
Said to relieve pain and help cure ailments. Used as a painkiller by the Dievdirbys in Grynas Forest.
Spirit Stone
A stone said to carry the power of a mysterious spirit. The Raucous Owl Sculpture wants to use it to make an amulet.
Ritual Pouch
A suspicious pouch filled with powder, used by Stoulets in rituals. The Raucous Owl Sculpture wants to use it to make an amulet.
Protective Crystal
A crystal made by the Raucous Owl Sculpture. Place it near the Sleeping Owl Sculpture to protect it from monsters.
A fluid obtained from Green Sockets. It is very sticky and looks like it can be used as glue.
Broken Bow
Remains of a Brown Stoulet Archer's broken bow. Very crudely built, but can still be used in emergencies.
Shrivelled Black Stem
A dried up, shrivelled black stem. Its use for carving is uncertain.
Black Old Kepa Stems
Stems of a Black Old Kepa. They're shrivelled up but look like they can be used for carving.
Red Puragi Hook
Hook taken from the hands of a Red Puragi. It looks completely broken, but can still be used for carving.
Blue Ridimed Leaves
The leaves of a Blue Ridimed. They look like they can be used for carving.
Peculiarly Scented Fruit
Fruit found inside a pile of greenery. It smells sweet. Ridimeds are said to love this fruit.
Old Carving Knife
An old carving knife. There's a name written on it but it's barely visible anymore. It could belong to a Dievdirbys.
Evil Energy Dagger
A rudimentary dagger. It's sharper than it looks and continuously exudes evil energy.
Broken Amulet
A broken amulet. It features a dark gem on the front. A faint evil energy can be felt coming from it.
A sculpture by Sculptor Tesla. It seems to exude divine energy. Said to help weaken and clean away the evil energy around it.
Faintly Glowing Orb
An orb with a faint greenish glow. It is charged with vital energy whenever monsters are defeated by whoever carries it.
Purifying Sculpture
A sculpture by Dievdirbys Asel. Inherited from Tesla, it is said to have the power to purify evil energy and any objects contaminated by it.
Blue Sakmoli Leaves
The Quiet Owl Sculpture believes these leaves can appease the spirits.
A small owl sculpture made by Dievdirbys Asel. The Owl Sculptures believe that, if imbued with power, it can help access the memories of the Broken Owl Sculpture.
Part of a blue coral. After it's processed, it's going to be used to make an offering for Goddess Jurate.
Odd-Smelling Pouch
A pouch filled with an odd-smelling powder. Bertha says that, if buried under the ground, the powder has the power to attract monsters.
Intact Gap Crab Shell Fragment
An intact piece of a Gapcrab shell. Free of cracks or chips, it can be used to create jewelry.
Crafted Coral
A coral handcrafted by Accessory Merchant Joana. One may as well call it an actual jewel.
Cerulean Stone
Said to reflect the energy of the sea in its cerulean color.
Daroul's Pendant
A pendant given by Daroul. Daroul says the energy of defeated monsters will be absorbed into this amulet.
Purified Dagger
A dagger used by the suspicious person following the little girl. It's sharper than it looks and has strange carvings on it.
Ocean's Divine Water
Holy water given by Bertha, said to hold the energy of the sea. When poured over a rock, its color turns into a shade of green.
Zemyna Necklace (14 Days)
Title - Shady Geologist
An item that allows you to obtain the "Shady Geologist" title.
Increases movement speed by 2 and also increases physical/magic attack by 50 for 30 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Let's take it to the resident looking for the box.{nl}You can find the resident at either West Siauliai Woods or Lemprasa Pond.{nl}Warning! Do not open.
300 Battle League Points
Use to obtain 300 Battle League Points.{nl}These points can be redeemed at the Battle League Shop.
An armband to commemorate those that participated in the Seasonal Server.
Curling Back Perm
Upper-bind Two-block
Natural Wave
Noble Wave Perm
Grey Contact Lenses
Didel Tower Shield
The greatest strength of the Tower Shield is that it covers more than other shields despite it being difficult to use due to its weight.
Vienie Revolver
A prototype revolver that appears to be much more effective than ordinary revolvers.
Tevlin Revolver
Requires a description.
Enhanced Vista Cannon
An enhanced version of the Vista Cannon. It has been reinforced with stronger materials.
Greytis Greaves
It's much more comfortable than it looks as it has undergone procedures to make it as light as possible.
Kovos Greaves
Boots that are favored by those that seek to protect themselves against magic.
Superior Greytis Greaves
Superior Kovos Greaves
Smash Gauntlets
 - Deals additional damage on Leather armored type enemies with [Strike] attacks
Gauntlets that protect the user's hands from impact when striking.
Slash Gauntlets
 - Deals additional damage on Plate armored type enemies with [Slash] attacks
Gauntlets that have been crafted to allow the easy use of swords.
Oghma Gauntlets
Gauntlets crafted from materials that greatly reduce the impact for the wearer.
Demonas Gauntlets
Gauntlets crafted so that they reduce impact when slashing down on objects.
Intasurta Gloves
: When using this skill,
monsters will have a certain percentage of their health absorbed
A pair of gloves with a sinister aura crafted by old Featherfoot traditions.
 - Increases Magic Amplification as much as 40% as the HP recovery rate at the time of equipping this item{nl} - Reduces HP recovery rate to 0
Lord Hamondale's Bracelet (30-Days)
Knight Commander Uska's Bangle (30-Days)
Swordsman Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Exclusive for 3rd Circle Swordsmen. Your appearance will change when equipped.
Swordsman Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Swordsman Swimwear Costume (Male)
Swordsman Swimwear Costume (Female)
Mage Bunny Boy Costume (Male)
Wizard Swimwear Costume (Male)
Wizard Swimwear Costume (Female)
Archer Racoon Costume (Female)
Archer Swimwear Costume (Male)
Archer Swimwear Costume (Female)
Cleric Servant Costume (Male)
Cleric Servant Costume (Female)
Cleric Swimwear Costume (Male)
Cleric Swimwear Costume (Female)
Outdoors Hat
Maid Hair Accessory
Red-feathered Corolla
Pink-feathered Corolla
Beach Fedora
Hair accessories that are a set with a swimsuit. Right-click to equip.
Huckleberry Hair Accessory
Sailor Hat
Polka Dot Lime Ribbon
Snorkeling Mask
Swimming Goggles
Beach Straw Hat
Aloha Flower Crown
[Event] Colichemarde
The souls of the swordsmen fighting to death with sword in hand is reflected in this blade. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Zweihander
Since long past, this sword has been adored by warriors who prefer to wield a blade with both hands. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Elder Rod
Mages with years of experience enjoy this equipment. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Skull Bow
During perilous times, if secret and terror are wielded in the shooter's hands, they will draw out the will to live. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Spiked Club
Someone told this weapon have more thorns. But, the thorns of this weapon is proper now like the building has a one lighting rod. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Bullet Shooter
A weapon designed to deal great damage with small projectile and projectiles. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Superior Cross Staff
Instead of focusing on its virtue, more emphasis was put on the quality of the Square Staff. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
[Event] Langdebeve
In order to use this weapon effectively, the blade of the weapon should always be sharpened. (Will be erased on September 8th.)
Adds 22860 Character EXP and 17602 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 30.
Adds 60312 Character EXP and 46440 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 70.
Increases Critical Damage by 24 for 1 minute. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Increases Physical/Magical Defense by 20 for 1 minute. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Adds 3630357 Character EXP and 2795374 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 275.
Lv14 EXP Card
Adds 13189741 Character EXP and 10156100 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 210.
Lv15 EXP Card
Adds 31212626 Character EXP and 24033722 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 250.
Keista Restoration Potion Lv2
Restores 480 HP & SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Keista Restoration Potion Lv3
Restores 617 HP & SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Enchant Round
Throws an Enchant Round at a random target. Deals as much damage as the player's physical and magic damage combined.
Unknown Potion
A potion that nobody knows what the ingredients are. Right-click to use.
A potion with unknown ingredients.
Title - Outstanding Golden Hands
An item that will allow you to receive the 'Outstanding Golden Hands' title. Right-click to use the item and receive the title.
Grains that are preferred by the Battlebirds. Recovers all of the Battlebird's HP and 600 Stamina.
Charm of Protection
Activate a Charm of Protection to remove all high tier ailments. 1 Charm of Protection is used per ailment. Right-click to activate a Charm of Protection.
A potion that will reset all cooldown periods. Right-click to use.
Use to obtain silver. Will be removed during the July 7th scheduled maintenance.
Lottery Silver Chest (14-Days)
A random amount of silver is in this chest.
Collection: Coastal Fortress
Collection: Dingofasil
Collection: Vedas Plateau
Collection: Mesafasla
Collection: Stogas Plateau
Collection: Nahash Forest
Collection: Vera Coast
Collection: Elgos Monastery Annex
Collection: Elgos Monastery Main Building
Collection: Alemeth Forest
Collection: Barha Forest
Collection: Cranto Coast
Collection: Igti Coast
Collection: Ibre Plateau
Collection: Grand Yard Mesa
Collection: Sventimas Exile
Collection: Kadumel Cliff
Collection: Steel Heights
Collection: Grynas Trails
Collection: Grynas Training Camp
Collection: Grynas Hills
Helper Summoning Stone
Card Cube: Insect-type
Use to obtain a random Insect-type Card. Right-click to use.
Card Cube: Mutant-type
Use to obtain a random Mutant-type Card. Right-click to use.
Card Cube: Plant-type
Use to obtain a random Plant-type Card. Right-click to use.
Card Cube: Devil-type
Use to obtain a random Devil-type Card. Right-click to use.
Card Cube: Animal-type
Use to obtain a random Animal-type Card. Right-click to use.
Cube of Blessing
A cube that will give a Blessed Shard.
Golden Chest
A chest containing random items.{nl}Open this chest to obtain a random item.
Lightweight Anvil
Can only be used when an item has not been enhanced and does not consume silver. Right-click to use.
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Earth property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% chance of using Lv1 Pain Barrier upon being hit
[Card Equip Effect] Defense against [Strike] attacks +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Gorgon when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 10 seconds when using any type of HP potion
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Fire Property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 6 seconds after using any type of SP potion
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Fire property attacks
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Darkness Property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Netherbovine when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Darkness Property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Necroventer when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Mutant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Poison property attacks
[Card Equip Effect] Stamina Potion Effects +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Ice property attacks
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% of recovering 10% SP after defeating Earth property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Amplification +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Rexipher when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Medium-type monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Reaverpede skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] SP Potion Type Effects +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Rikaus when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Lightning property attacks
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Ice property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of dealing splash damage to nearby monsters after defeating Mutant-type monsters
Manticen Card
[Card Equip Effect] Movement Speed (+[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}/2]) for 5 seconds after using Stamina potions{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Manticen skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of blinding nearby enemies after defeating Devil-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Mummyghast when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Poison property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Ice property monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Merge skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Flying-type monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Mothstem skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Devil-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Earth Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Poison property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Block +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% chance of causing [Stun] for 3 seconds when using physical attacks{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Minotaur when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Small-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Mirtis when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Lightning property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Earth property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Evasion +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Velorchard when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Beast-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Fire property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Holy property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of obtaining 10 Poison (Wugushi) after defeating Insect-type monsters {nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Biteregina skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Darkness property Attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] when attacking Large-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Cyclops when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Ice Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 10% SP after defeating Fire property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Silence] State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Shadowgaler when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Earth property attacks
[Card Equip Effect] Lightning Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [Pierce] Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 10% SP after defeating Darkness property monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Specter Monarch when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 10% SP after defeating Poison property monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Throneweaver when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Fire property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Fire property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Darkness property attacks{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Abomination when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Darkness Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Unknocker when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Lightning property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Ellaganos when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Holy property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Holy Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of attacks being registered as Rear Attacks
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Darkness property monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Unicorn when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Plant-type Monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of obtaining 1 Firewood after defeating Plant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of obtaining 1 Wooden Piece after defeating Plant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 4 seconds after using SP potions{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Chapparition using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Insect-type Monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Chafer skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 10% SP after defeating Ice property monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Carapace skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Large-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Ice property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Poison property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Block Penetration +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Kirmeleech skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] Carry Weight +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Boss-type monsters {nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Tomblord when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Poison Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] Fire Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 10% SP after defeating Lightning property monsters {nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Harpeia when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Poison property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters {nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Honeypin skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Helgasercle when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum SP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*15]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Specter of Deceit when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Ice property Attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of obtaining 3 corpse parts (Necromancer) after defeating Beast-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Stationary-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Corrupted when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Earth property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type onsters
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Lightning property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Holy property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Sparnasman when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 1% SP when you are attacked by Medium-type monsters {nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Cerberus when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Sleep] State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] HP, SP Recovery +[Number of Cards]%
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Earth property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] Accuracy +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Naktis when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] 5% chance of being resurrected with [{img star_mark 20 20}]% HP when becoming incapable of combat{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Dullahan when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Blind State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Riteris when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Nuaele when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] HP Potion Effects +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Neop skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Blut when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Slash] Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] Bleeding State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Basilisk skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Lightning property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum Sub Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Plokste skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Poison property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% SP when hit by Small-type monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Velnewt skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Earth property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Velpede skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] -[Number of Cards] seconds to SP recovery duration {nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Pyroego when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Holy property attacks
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Lightning property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Lithorex when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Missile Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Nuodai when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] AoE Ratio +[Number of Cards]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Centaurus when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum HP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*120]
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 10 seconds after using HP potions{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Progola when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Holy property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Marionette when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 2% SP when hit by Large-type monsters{nl}[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Canceril skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Stun] State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Master Genie when using Summoning. (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Ice property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Merregina when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% chance of inflicting [Silence] for 5 seconds when attacking with Missile-type attacks{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Templeshooter when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Fire property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Fire Lord when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% chance of inducing [Sleep] for 4 seconds when attacking with magic attacks
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 3% SP when attacking Boss-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Deathweaver when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Darkness property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters{nl}[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Flammidus when using SummoningITEM_20160811_011095
Lv2 Earth Fragment
Obtainable from the Earth Tower Solmiki Area
Neop Essence
Organ Essence
Plokste Essence
Grim Reaper Essence
Symbol of Pyroego
You can start the Earth Tower Challenge from the 6th floor of the Lolopanther Area if you give it to Kupole Lhuta.
Symbol of Gosarius
You can start the Earth Tower Challenge from the 11th floor of the Lolopanther Area if you give it to Kupole Lhuta.
Symbol of Turtai
You can start the Earth Tower Challenge from the 16th floor of the Lolopanther Area if you give it to Kupole Lhuta.
Symbol of G'bb
You can start the Earth Tower Challenge from the 1st floor of the Solmiki Area if you give it to Kupole Lhuta.
Goddesses' Blessed Gem: Weapon
A gem with the blessing of the goddesses.{nl}Can be used to enhance a weapon.
Goddesses' Blessed Gem: Armor
A gem with the blessing of the goddesses.{nl}Can be used to enhance a piece of armor.
Goddesses' Blessed Gem: Accessory
A gem with the blessing of the goddesses.{nl}Can be used to enhance an accessory.
A hammer with mysterious powers that allow it to dismantle all that it touches. Used to extract Blessed Gems.
Absorbs magic from its surroundings. Used to extract items.
Blessed Shard
A stone that becomes the ingredient of a special item.
Magic Powder
Test Magic Powder
Alchemy Residue
Test Residue
Phydecium
A cobalt colored ore that can be obtained from monsters. Used to craft items.
Ferinium
Usually forms in a square shaped crystal with a violet hue. Can be obtained from monsters. Used to craft items.
Portium
An ore that has a slight gold tinge that can be obtained from monsters. Used to craft items.
Ore 4
Ore 5
Ore 6
Guinea Pig Egg (Test, 1 minute)
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.
Battlebird Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the player's HP & SP recovery rate.
Golden Key
A golden key wanted by the Kedora Merchant Alliance. Can be traded at the Magic Association NPC. Will be deleted on the July 7th scheduled maintenance.
Magician Item Chest
A chest filled with magical items. Open it to obtain a random item. Will be deleted on the July 7th scheduled maintenance.
Gem Item Chest
Power-UP Item Chest
Potion Item Chest
TP Bundle Chest
Random Item Chest
Fancy Firewood
Popolion Lottery Ticket
A lottery ticket for a Popolion Doll. Please refer to the announcement for more details.
Bracelet Chest (7-Days)
Dye Chest (7-Days)
A chest filled with random dyes.{nl}Use to obtain a random dye.
Void Egg
An egg from the void.
Can move to a specific location within the current zone. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 15 minutes.
Uphill Mission - Fire Crystal
Uphill Defense Mission Item
Can be used to gain a beneficial effect by using the Essence Purifier.
Teal Magic Stone
A stone that emits a special type of magic.
Kalejimas Demon's Blood
Blood obtained from a Kalejimas demon.{nl}You can feel the energy of a demon.
Magic Control Scroll
A scroll that can control specific magic.
Orb of Dominance Magic
An orb that contains Dominance Magic. You must sacrifice life or something equal to that in order to use the Domain Dominance magic.
Core of Evil Energy
A core filled with the evil energy of monsters.{nl}There is an ominous feeling about it...
Instructions for the Kalejimas Secret Device
Instructions written by Zanas before his death about how to activate or disarm the Kalejimas Secret Device.
Oil for the Blue Lamp
Oil used when lighting the Blue Lamp.
Oil for the Red Lamp
Oil used when lighting the Red Lamp.
King's Red Jewel
A red jewel that belongs to King Kadumel.{nl}Required to open the device hiding the revelation.
Grinender Seal
Required to disarm Demon Magic Circles.
Kalejimas Teleport Magic Scroll
A teleportation scroll that can only be used in Kalejimas Prison.
King's Green Jewel
A green jewel that belongs to King Kadumel.{nl}Required to open the device hiding the revelation.
Soul Stone of Restrainment
A Soul Stone that can disarm the Demon's Magic Circle restraining Zanas' soul.
Fragment required to disarm the Secret Device in the Subsidiary Material Storage Room
King's Yellow Jewel
A yellow jewel that belongs to King Kadumel.{nl}Required to open the device hiding the revelation.
Observational Detector Component
A component from an Observational Detector.
Worn Gravity Stone
A stone enchanted with gravity-based magic.{nl}Dubious if it will work since it very old.
King's Blue Jewel
A blue jewel that belongs to King Kadumel.{nl}Required to open the device hiding the revelation.
The eight revelation discovered at Kalejimas Prison. Readable.
A letter left by a prisoner that was held at Kalejimas Prison.
A herb that grows in Barha Forest. Used to create antidotes.
Ingredient used to make antidotes. It is slippery and makes you feel quesy.
Barha Antidote
An antidote made from ingredients from Barha Forest. Can be used to cure people poisoned by Sarma's poison.
A piece of paper with recipes for several types of medicine.
Neutralizer Catalyst
Ingredient used to make a neutralizer used against the Overgrowth Potion.
Overgrowth Solution Neutralizer
Can be used to remove the effects of the Overgrowth Solution.
Sticky Rafflesia Sap
Ingredients used to enhance the effects of the antidote.
Enhanced Barha Antidote
An antidote with stronger effects than the Barha Antidote.
Monster Blood
Monster Blood required to craft charms
Tini's Shining Horn
Tinis with shining horns are a rare site.
Taumas Herb
Used often by nearby villagers and pilgrims for emergency purposes.
Jacob's Lost Luggage
Looking at the state that it's in, it seems like the Tini liked it a lot.
Sturdy Branch
This looks strong enough to sustain the weight of an elderly person.
Tini Meat
Considered to taste better than it looks.
Firewood
It seems to be in good shape despite being abandoned for a long time.
Spion Fur
Spion Fur that still has it's fur intact seems to be adept for keeping body heat.
Salvia Bramble Fruit
Fruit discovered in the Brambles of Salvia Forest. It will take a large amount of these to fill a person's stomach.
Order's Secret Medicine
Medicine created by Brutus from the Order of the Tree of Truth. Nobody knows what it is created from.
Flammable Leaves
Said to burn in a particular bright light.
Maven Abbey Rosary
A rosary crafted at the Maven Abbey. Its main characteristic is that it shines.
Monk Dorma's Holy Water
The water will react to the demons if this is actually holy water as Monk Dorma suggested.
Abandoned Plant Roots
Abandoned roots of a plant. It seems as if they were not fit for human consumption.
Lepusbunny Meat
The meat of a Lepusbunny is a treat for people that know how good it is.
Mirror of Truth
A mirror said to show the true identity of those that are reflected upon it.
Replenished Mirror of Truth
The mirror seems to have replenished its energy.
Monk Stella's Rosary
The rosary of Monk Stella. It does not seem to have any distinguishing features from other Maven Abbey rosaries.
Empty Holy Water Flask
A holy water flask that does not have any contents.
Ouaas Tree Sap
A holy water flask that contains Ouaas Tree Sap. Monk Stella believes it will have the same effects as holy water.
Magic Scroll of Holy Power Enhancement
It seems to be far from holy for some reason.
Suppression Device Fragment
Fragment from the Suppression Device. It still seems to have some power left in it.
Maven Abbey Orb
It seems as if you will be able to store divine power like any other orb.
Well-preserved Food
It seems as if the food is preserved in pristine condition.
Herb of Restoration
Herbs that have not totally dried and crumbled.
Title - Undefeated Blade
An item that will award you with the Undefeated Blade title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Title - Knowing One
An item that will award you with the Knowing One title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Title - Heaven Piercer
An item that will award you with the Heaven Piercer title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Title - Lifemaker
An item that will award you with Lifemaker title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Lv2 Settlement Support Potion
Talt [Event]
Title - Creative Soul
An item that will award you with the Creative Soul title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Root Essence
Occasionally obtained by destroying Tree Root Crystals.{nl}Collect five and bring to the Event Notice Board.
Swordsman Wonderland Costume (Male)
Swordsman Wonderland Costume (Female)
Wizard Wonderland Costume (Male)
Wizard Wonderland Costume (Female)
Archer Wonderland Costume (Male)
Archer Wonderland Costume (Female)
Cleric Wonderland Costume (Male)
Cleric Wonderland Costume (Female)
Butterfly Hat
Right-click to equip this Alice in Wonderland themed hair accessory.
Lotus Cup Hair Accessory
Hatter's Cake Hat
Parfait and Mouse Ear Headband
Dodo Hair Accessory
Chesirecat Hair Accessory
White Rabbit Hair Accessory
Alice's Key Hair Accessory
Sesame
An ingredient to make dumplings. It exudes a pleasant nutty scent. (Will be deleted on October 25th)
Sugar
An ingredient to make dumplings. Highly sought after by Honey Dumpling enthusiasts. (Will be deleted on October 25th)
Flour
An ingredient to make dumpling dough. Place the fillings inside the dough to make your dumplings. (Will be deleted on October 25th)
Chestnut
An ingredient to make dumplings. It looks nice and ripe. (Will be deleted on October 25th)
Sweet Dumpling
A sweet dumpling made of various ingredients. It may look difficult to cook, but the tasty treat is worth it. {nl} Increases +2 movement speed, +5000 max. HP and +5000 max. SP for 15 minutes.
Jumbo Dumpling
A king-size dumpling made of several ingredients. It smells sweet and looks absolutely delicious. {nl} Grants your party members +4 movement speed, +1 AoE attack ratio and +25% EXP gains.
Honey Dumpling
Thumbup Armband
Twoblock
Ribbon-ornamented Double Buns
Orange Contact Lenses
Tevhrin Sword
Long ago, a weapon that neither a goddess or a demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. Recently, it has been said that there are people capable of crafting new types of Tevhrin equipment in secret.
Pierene Sword
Solmiki Sword
Solmiki is a being that had served the goddesses. The equipment was made in his name in order to commemorate his deeds.
Abdochar
Tevhrin Two-handed Sword
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. It is said that a goddess had sacrificed herself for the creation of this equipment.
Gale Slasher
Solmiki Two-handed Sword
Sarkmis
Tevhrin Rod
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. It is said that only three humans know why it was crafted.
Windia Rod
Solmiki Rod
The fact that there is no other way to meet Goddess Zemyna but to go to the Earth Tower gives people an opportunity to obtain powerful equipment.
Heart of Glory
Tevhrin Bow
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. Most bow related legends involve Lydia Schaffen, but there are always exceptions.
Aufgowle Bow
Solmiki Bow
The practicality of this weapon is questionable as it requires the most upkeep of any bow, but nobody questions its effectiveness in combat.
Astra Bow
Tevhrin Crossbow
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. Recently, it has been said that there are people capable of crafting new types of Tevhrin equipment in secret.
Marble Grand Cross
 - Increases all Quarrel Shooter skill levels by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl} - Increases skill level of Running Shot by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
An item that even the Quarrel Shooter Master is seeking. It is rumored that the conditions required to acquire it are insanely difficult to meet.
Silver Hawk
Solmiki Crossbow
It appears to fire arrows that have been blessed by the Goddesses or magical arrows.
Regard Horn Crossbow
Tevhrin Mace
Long ago, a weapon that neither Goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. The challenge in creating the equipment was maintaining the divine energy needed to craft it while keeping the goddesses out of the picture.
Aghaas Breaker
This piece of equipment, which is occasionally discovered by those with devout faith, is known to rescue it's user with hidden powers.
Vieretta Mace
Attilla
 - Increases all Priest skill levels by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
This equipment is more focused on self-defense than being used in the battlefield.
Vienarazis Mace
Solmiki Mace
Skull Smasher
Lionhead Shield
Solmiki Shield
This shield is sturdy enough to almost be called indestructable. It wouldn't be a surprise to find that it is blessed.
Emengard Shield
Tevhrin Spear
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. Whatever the reason may be, it can only be hoped that it will be used in the name of the goddesses.
 - Increases damage by 50% when using [Spear Throw]
Pygry Spear
Solmiki Spear
Despite its appearance, it is extremely deadly. Those that look down upon it for its toy-like facade will quickly regret it.
Wingshard Spear
Tevhrin Pike
Long ago, a weapon that neither Goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. Even so, it is hoped that this weapon will be used to pierce the enemies of the goddesses.
Sacmet
Solmiki Pike
This piece of equipment is so effective that some wonder if it was created by stealing the power of the goddesses.
Regard Horn Pike
Lionhead Dagger
Solmiki Dagger
The creator of this dagger had the honor of being rewarded to some in the past despite the crafter known for crafting unwieldy equipment.
Emengard  Dagger
Blood Stealer
Tevhrin Staff
Long ago, a weapon that neither Goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The crafting of such weapons is always challenging, but the staff is known to be the least difficult.
Vienarazis Staff
Solmiki Staff
It is rumored that the Kupoles provided the best quality crystals and gems needed to craft this staff.
Regard Horn Staff
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. Recently, it has been said that there are people capable of crafting new types of Tevhrin equipment in secret.
Double Stack
Solmiki Pistol
Ore from extremely deep beneath the earth was used to craft this weapon for the sake of keeping it up to the other Solmiki equipment' standards.
Aspana Revolver
Tevhrin Rapier
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. Recently, it is said that there are people capable of crafting new types of Tevhrin equipment in secret. The connection between this weapon and the Hutton family is unknown.
Solmiki Rapier
Unlike the other Solmiki weapons, the Hutton family had participated in its crafting process.
Tevhrin Cannon
Long ago, a weapon that neither goddess nor demon could use was crafted; it was called the Tevhrin. The reason why this weapon that the goddesses couldn't use was crafted remains a mystery until now. Recently, it is said that there are people capable of crafting new types of Tevhrin equipment in secret.
Noname Cannon
Lionhead Cannon
Solmiki Cannon
It is said that the participation of the Cannoneer Master is required to craft a new type of cannon.
Emengard Cannon
Dragoon Piper
Solmiki Musket
Emengard Musket
Blint Tunic
This tunic was crafted by using the designs of a well-known tailor. While it is sturdy, it does look like it was made to be used as dress-wear.
Blint Leather Robe
This equipment was loved in the south of Orsha before Medzio Diena, and was used while hunting and travelling.
Blint Plate Armor
While mostly used for ceremonial purposes, it saw its fair share of combat as well.
Valtas Robe
Valtas Leather Tunic
Valtas Plate Armor
Hasta Tunic
An improvement on an old design which was made to have a strong resistance against hits.
Hasta Leather Robe
This piece of equipment was crafted using the techniques of a far away land. It has cotton in certain places to reinforce it.
Hasta Plate Armor
This piece of equipment, which has its roots in a kingdom that prospered long ago, now looks marginally different from when it was popular.
Manahas Armor
Newt Robe
Newt Leather Armor
Newt Plate Armor
Solmiki Robe
Solmiki is a being that had served the goddesses. No piece of equipment made to commemorate his deeds is of shoddy quality.
Solmiki Leather Armor
Many renowned priests participated in the blessing of this piece of equipment, which was crafted to commemorate Solmiki's deeds.
Solmiki Plate Mail
Those who admire the blessings applied to Solmiki equipment ought to also pay their respects to the blacksmiths who had worked on every miniscule detail.
Blint Pants
Blint Leather Pants
Blint Plate Pants
Valtas Pants
Valtas Leather Pants
Valtas Plate Pants
Hasta Pants
Hasta Leather Pants
Hasta Plate Pants
Manahas Pants
Newt Pants
Newt Leather Pants
Newt Plate Leggings
Solmiki Pants
It is rumored that the Kupoles had to make numerous requests to Goddess Zemyna to bless this piece of equipment with strong divine energy.
Solmiki Leather Pants
Goddess Zemyna does not always bless Solmiki equipment. The Kupoles do so in her place in such cases.
Solmiki Plate Leggings
Kupoles are not serious and solemn all the time; they know how to have fun as well. The magic on this particular piece of equipment shows their playful side.
Blint Shoes
Blint Leather Boots
Blint Plate Boots
Valtas Boots
Valtas Leather Boots
Valtas Plate Greaves
Hasta Shoes
Hasta Leather Boots
Hasta Plate Boots
Manahas Boots
Newt Boots
Newt Leather Boots
Newt Plate Greaves
Cylli Plate Boots
It allows the wearer to move more easily thanks to it being well-tempered.
Shade Greaves
It has relatively good magic defense as it was magically treated during the crafting process.
Solmiki Boots
It is rumored that a certain Kupole that had failed to find any other wizard to infuse this piece of equipment managed to finish it with the help of Owyn Dilven.
Solmiki Leather Boots
It is rumored that the inventor of these boots managed to infuse its magic with the help of Yena Havindar.
Solmiki Plate Greaves
Master Phillip is rumored to have held a celebratory ritual when this piece of equipment was crafted.
Blint Greaves
Blint Leather Greaves
Blint Plate Gauntlets
Valtas Gloves
Valtas Leather Gloves
Valtas Plate Gauntlents
Hasta Gloves
Hasta Leather Gloves
Hasta Plate Gauntlets
Manahas Gloves
Newt Gloves
Newt Leather Gloves
Newt Plate Gauntlets
Swift Oghma Gauntlets
Dehvlin Gauntlets
Solmiki Gloves
This piece of equipment was crafted with magical attack and defense in mind, as well as to not get in the way of conjuring magic. It is said to be almost unnoticeable when worn in everyday life as well.
Solmiki Leather Gloves
It has different types of magic infused on each glove, and will only show its full potential when both are equipped. There isn't much of a reason behind this except, perhaps, the inventor being bored of doing things the conventional way.
Solmiki Plate Gauntlets
This piece of equipment was also created in order to commemorate Solmiki, and those that use it do so as well to spread the words of the goddesses.
A necklace with the powers of Goddess Zemyna. It will not last long as it is too crude to hold the power of the goddesses. Upon pick-up, use within 14 days.
Warrior Necklace (3 Days)
It is rumored that this necklace used to be worn by an great ancient warrior.
Magician Necklace (3 Days)
It is rumored that this was once worn by an ancient wizard. However, nobody is sure of the truth...
Superior Warrior Necklace (15 Days)
It is being rumored that this necklace once adorned the neck of an ancient guardian. However, not everyone believes that this is true.
Superior Magician Necklace (15 Days)
It is rumored that this necklace once adorned the neck of an ancient wizard. However, not everyone believes that this is true.
Dhrag Necklace
Made as a set with the bracelets, it is similarily difficult to guess when they were first crafted. However, you can see traces of some letters written on the back.
Solmiki Medal
A piece of equipment that was named after Solmiki, who once served Goddess Zemyna. It is also called a wearable Goddess Statue thanks to its effects.
Health Band (3 Days)
[EVENT] Bracelet
A bracelet that contains special powers.
Psychic Band (3 Days)
Superior Health Band (15 Days)
A bracelet that contains even more special power.
Superior Psychic Band (15 Days)
Dhrag Bracelet
It is unknown when or how this was crafted. It doesn't make one feel particularly nice due to its gloomy look.
Solmiki Bracelet
It is said that four Kupoles that served Goddess Zemyna had infused different kinds of magic into this piece of equipment.
Mergen Costume
Inquisitor Costume
Swordsman Royal Guard Costume (Male)
Swordsman Sailor Costume (Female)
Your appearance will change if you equip this. Upon pick-up, use within 1 minute.
Ranger Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Ranger Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Ranger Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Archer Sailor Costume (Female)
It is capable of kicking up winds. Anybody hit by those winds will most likely be extremely annoyed.
Set up a structure that increases magic attack of all guild members. Can only be set up in the Guild Hangout.
Set up a structure that increases physical attack of all guild members. Can only be set up in the Guild Hangout.
A Shield Charger will charge shields that are capable of protecting guild members for a set amount of time, and applies them to guild members when used.
Adds 13189741 Character EXP and 10156100 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 300.
Adds 31212626 Character EXP and 24033722 Class EXP. Can be used from Lv. 320.
Keitrys Bravery Potion
Increases physical attack by 76 and magic attack by 60 for 3 minutes. Right-click to use it. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Keitrys Recovery Potion
Increases a character's maximum SP by 2000 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 415. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Keitrys Protective Potion
Increases a character's maximum HP by 2000 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 40. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Handful of Grain
Grains that are preferred by the Battlebirds. Recovers all of the Battlebird's HP and 15 Stamina.
Grape
A delightful smelling grape. It looks extremely fresh.
A perfectly grilled barbecue.
Spring Onion
A Spring Onion that smells of earth. It seems to be organic. It also looks very familiar...
Kebab Meat
Meat that looks as if it would be great seared. This also looks quite familiar...
Sardine: 14 Days
Keista Restoration Potion Lv4
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}831 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv1
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1250 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 625. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv2
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1870 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 935. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv3
Increases a character's maximum SP by 2490 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 1245. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv4
Increases a character's maximum SP by 3110 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 1555. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv5
Increases a character's maximum SP by 3730 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 1865. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv6
Increases a character's maximum SP by 4350 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 2175. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv7
Increases a character's maximum SP by 4970 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 2485. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv8
Increases a character's maximum SP by 5590 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 2795. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv9
Increases a character's maximum SP by 6210 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 3105. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv10
Increases a character's maximum SP by 6830 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 3415. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv11
Increases a character's maximum SP by 7450 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 3725. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv12
Increases a character's maximum SP by 8070 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 4035. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv13
Increases a character's maximum SP by 8690 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 4345. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv14
Increases a character's maximum SP by 9310 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 4655. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed SP Boost Potion Lv15
Increases a character's maximum SP by 9930 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 4965. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv1
Increases a character's maximum HP by 1250 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 25. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv2
Increases a character's maximum HP by 1850 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 37. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv3
Increases a character's maximum HP by 2450 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 49. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv4
Increases a character's maximum HP by 3050 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 61. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv5
Increases a character's maximum HP by 3650 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 73. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv6
Increases a character's maximum HP by 4250 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 85. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv7
Increases a character's maximum HP by 4850 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 97. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv8
Increases a character's maximum HP by 5450 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 109. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv9
Increases a character's maximum HP by 6050 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 121. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv10
Increases a character's maximum HP by 6650 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 133. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv11
Increases a character's maximum HP by 7250 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 145. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv12
Increases a character's maximum HP by 7850 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 157. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv13
Increases a character's maximum HP by 8450 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 169. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv14
Increases a character's maximum HP by 9050 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 181. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Condensed Protection Potion Lv15
Increases a character's maximum HP by 9650 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magic defense by 193. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Lv2 Movement Speed Potion
Collection: Nheto Forest
Collection: Svalphinghas Forest
Collection: Lhadar Forest
Collection: Timerys Temple
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 1
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 2
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 3
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 4
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 5
Collection: City Wall District  8
Collection: Jeromel Park
Collection: Jonael Memorial
Collection: Taniel I Memorial
Collection: Kule Peak
Collection: Arcus Forest
Collection: Phamer Forest
Collection: Ziburynas Forest
Collection: Mollogheo Forest
Collection: Zima Suecourt
Collection: Emmet Forest
Collection: Pystis Forest
Collection: Syla Forest
Collection: Alembique Cave
Collection: Nobreer Forest
Collection: Yudejan Forest
TP Cube
EXP Card Box
Use to obtain 3 randomly chosen EXP Cards. Ranging from Lv2 - Lv10.
Recipe Box - Weapon
Contains a recipe for a weapon.
Recipe Box - Armor
Contains a recipe for a piece of armor.
Recipe Box - Accessory
Contains a recipe for a piece of accessory.
Nuaele Cube
Zaura Cube
Blut Cube
Earth Tower 25F Cube
Earth Tower 30F Cube
Earth Tower 35F Cube
Earth Tower 40F Cube
Sausis Cube
Mystical Cube
Can use once per day. Use it to obtain something special.
Unstable Cube
It's a not-so-stable cube. It shows movement to revert back to its original property.
Armaos' Cube
Red Lavenzard's Cube
Enhancement Card Lv1
Helps awaken an item without reducing the potential of an equipment. Usable for 1 minute after being acquired.
Essential magic powder for any Enchanter.
Magic Scroll
A magical scroll that can be used in a variety of situations.
Red Fur
A red ball of fur. Used for crafting items.
Glossy Leather
It seems to be more glossy than ordinary leather.
Plant Thorn
A thorn of some sort of plant. It is quite large.
Peculiar Horn
It is difficult to determine whether this is the horn of some animal or simply a horn shapped rock.
Golden Leather
A piece of leather that almost appears to be embroidered with gold.
Refined Ingot
It is unknown how or where it was crafted, but it is not gold.
Required in order to use the Gender Switch skill.
Crystal Fragment of Change
You will be able to create a Mirror of Truth by collecting these and purchasing a recipe from the Item Merchant of Fedimian.
Strange Yellow Paper
Yellow paper that is used to craft talismans.
Akhlass's Mask
Akhlass's Armor Fragment
Prison Fighter's Armor Fragment
Flak's Armor Fragment
Moglan Shell
Sturdy Rondo Shell
Ragged Butcher's Axe Fragment
Akhlass Bishop's Cloak Fragment
Akhlass Wings
Black Shardstatue Wings
Ragbird Wings
Yellow Leafnut Wings
Orange Grummer Wings
Yellow Pyran Wings
Blue Beetow Wings
Green Bavon Wings
Red Maize Wings
Lyecorn Wings
Tuthrycon Wings
Mouringaka Wings
Mourningbird Wings
Red Slime Core
Red Wizard Shaman Doll Core
Lakhorn Core
Lakhof Core
Lakhtanon Core
Green Rubblem Core
Green Blindlem Core
Yellow Arma Tail
Bunkeyto's Tail
Nabu's Tail
Blue Gosaru Horn
Green Flamag Horn
Green Wood Goblin Horn
Horned Golem Horn
Rhodenabean Down
Kugheri Down
Flowlevi Down
Bunkeybo Down
Nukhalong Down
Green Goblin Cloth
Blue Pag Doper Cloth
Yellow Pag Clamper Cloth
Green Pag Nurse Cloth
Yellow Pag Shearer Cloth
Kugheri Cloth
Tala Mage Cloth
Green Flamme's Broken Staff
Green Flamme Mage's Broken Staff
Green Flamme Archer's Broken Arrow
Tala Archer's Broken Arrow
Vilkas Archer's Broken Arrow
Blue Pag Doper's Weapon Fragment
Yellow Pag Clamper's Weapon Fragment
Green Pag Nurse's Weapon Fragment
Yellow Pag Shearer's Weapon Fragment
Green Flak's Weapon Fragment
Green Flamil's Weapon Fragment
Akhlass's Ripped Cloth Fragment
Akhlacia Hair
Kugheri Numani Hair
Kugheri Balzer Hair
Straw
Green Ellomago Leaf
Bloom Leaf
Virdney Leaf
Flowlon Leaf
Blue Tanu Leaf
Flowlon Seeds
Blue Woodluwa Leather
Rhodenabean Leather
Rhodenag Leather
Rhodetad Leather
Elder Rhode Leather
Rhodedoe Leather
Rhodeliot Leather
Nuttafly Leather
Nuttabug Leather
Rhodeyokel Leather
Yellow Caro Leather
Yellow Polibu Leather
Nukhalong Leather
Romplenuka Leather
Vilkas Leather
Vilkas Archer Leather
Vilkas Assassin Leather
Vilkas Spearman Leather
Vilkas Fighter Leather
Vilkas Mage Leather
Blue Dojoru Spores
Red Glyquare Fragment
Red Anchor Fragment
Green Zolem Fragment
Green Charcoal Walker Fragment
Green Charog Fragment
Green Goblin Token
Vilkas Fur
Red Ducky Thorns
Mouringaka Spores
Empty Spellbook
An empty spellbook. You will be able to use spells once you write them down.
Wheel of Judgement
It is much heavier than it looks. It is said to be able to call upon wheels that are elsewhere.
Advanced Gem Abrasive: 14 Days
Used to enhance gems. It drastically increases the EXP of a gem. Upon pick-up, use within 14 days.
Superior Gem Abrasive: 14 Days
Megaphone: 14 Days
Amplifies your voice. Use [/y 'chat'] to send your message to all maps in your server.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 40. Upon pick-up, use within 14 days.
Rhodenabean Fruit
Rhodenag Thorn Vine
Rhodetad Fruit
Rhodetad Leaf
Rhodedoe Tail
Rhodedoe Fruit
Rhodeliot's Hammer
Rhodeliot Wooden Horse
Elder Rhode Staff
Nuttabug's Fruit
Nuttafly's Horn
Rodejokel's Wooden Spear
Blue Pag Doper's Medicine Bottle
Yellow Pag Shearer's Weapon
Yellow Pag Clamper's Tweezer
Green Pag Nurse's Pikestaff
Green Flak's Axe
Tala Mage Staff
Green Flamme Horn
Tala Archer's Head Feather
Tala Battle Boss' Hammer
Green Flamme's Staff
Green Rubblem Stone
Green Bavon Wings
Green Bavon Horns
Green Zolem Core
Green Zolem Fragment
Green Flamag's Axe
Green Flamag Undamaged Horn
Green Flamme Archer's Broken Bow
Green Wood Goblin Undamaged Horn
Orange Lakhof Core
Green Flamil's Weapon Fragment
Thick Rondo Shell
Rondo Horn
Black Shardstatue Undamaged Wings
Black Shardstatue Rope
Black Temple Slave Assassin's Dagger
Black Temple Slave's Cape
Amberdog's Cone Hat
Scarecrow Scyth
Straw Walker Scyth
Ragbird Feather
Ragbird Undamaged Wings
Ragged Butcher's Ring
Green Ellomago Tail
Blue Woodluwa Claw
Green Goblin Wizard Staff
Green Goblin Warrior Shoulder Ornament
Green Goblin Shaman Molar
Green Goblin Tooth
Red Maize Spore
Red Siaulav Mask
Black Temple Slave's Crossbow
Black Temple Slave's Glove
Lyecorn Undamaged Wings
Tuthrycon Tail
Tuthrycon Undamaged Wings
Horned Golem Undamage Horn
Bunkeybo Hair
Nukhalong Antenna
Nukhalong Wrist Ornament
Black Siaulav Archer Mask
Black Siaulav Mage Broken Staff
Andesium
Ionium
Practonium
Artilonium
A purple crystalized cube.
Alchemist's Stone
A stone capable of summoning a Homunculus. Right-click to summon.
Blue Orb: Akhlass Dame
Blue Orb: Akhlass Tikke
Blue Orb: Akhlass Beorn
Blue Orb: Akhlass Bishop
Blue Orb: Akhlass Sensor
Blue Orb: Akhlass Hump
Blue Orb: Cyaria
Blue Orb: Akhlass Petal
Blue Orb: Akhlass Steel
Blue Orb: Akhlacia
Blue Orb: Akhlass Countess
Blue Orb: Black Shardstatue
Blue Orb: Black Templeslave
Blue Orb: Black Temple Slave Assassin
Blue Orb: Amberdog
Blue Orb: Scarecrow
Blue Orb: Straw Walker
Blue Orb: Ragbird
Blue Orb: Ragged Butcher
Blue Orb: Green Ellomago
Blue Orb: Blue Woodluwa
Blue Orb: Green Goblin Warrior
Blue Orb: Green Goblin Charger
Blue Orb: Green Goblin Wizard
Blue Orb: Green Goblin Shaman
Blue Orb: Rhodenabean
Blue Orb: Rhodenag
Blue Orb: Rhodetad
Blue Orb: Elder Rhode
Blue Orb: Rhodedoe
Blue Orb: Rhodeliot
Blue Orb: Nuttafly
Blue Orb: Nuttabug
Blue Orb: Rodejokel
Blue Orb: Rhodevassal
Blue Orb: Blue Pag Doper
Blue Orb: Yellow Pag Clamper
Blue Orb: Green Pag Nurse
Blue Orb: Yellow Pag Shearer
Blue Orb: Kugheri Tot
Blue Orb: Kugheri Sommi
Blue Orb: Kugheri Lyoni
Blue Orb: Yellow Leafnut
Blue Orb: Orange Grummer
Blue Orb: Red Colimen
Blue Orb: Yellow Caro
Blue Orb: Kugheri Numani
Blue Orb: Kugheri Zabbi
Blue Orb: Kugheri Zeuni
Blue Orb: Blom
Blue Orb: Virdney
Blue Orb: Castle Gardener
Blue Orb: Flowlon
Blue Orb: Flowlevi
Blue Orb: Red Slime
Blue Orb: Yellow Arma
Blue Orb: Yellow Pyran
Blue Orb: Red Wizard Shaman Doll
Blue Orb: Red Glyquare
Blue Orb: Red Anchor
Blue Orb: Green Prison Fighter
Blue Orb: Yellow Polibu
Blue Orb: Blue Gosaru
Blue Orb: Blue Doyor
Blue Orb: Blue Tanu
Blue Orb: Blue Beetow
Blue Orb: Red Ducky
Blue Orb: Blue Moglan
Blue Orb: Lakhorn
Blue Orb: Lakhof
Blue Orb: Green Flak
Blue Orb: Tala Wizard
Blue Orb: Green Flamme
Blue Orb: Tala Archer
Blue Orb: Tala Battle Boss
Blue Orb: Lakhtanon
Blue Orb: Green Flamme Mage
Blue Orb: Green Bavon
Blue Orb: Green Rubblem
Blue Orb: Green Zolem
Blue Orb: Green Flamag
Blue Orb: Green Flamme Archer
Blue Orb: Green Wood Goblin
Blue Orb: Orange Lakhof
Blue Orb: Green Flamil
Blue Orb: Rondo
Blue Orb: Red Maize
Blue Orb: Red Siaulav
Blue Orb: Black Siaulav Archer
Blue Orb: Black Siaulav Mage
Blue Orb: Lyecorn
Blue Orb: Tuthrycon
Blue Orb: Horned Golem
Blue Orb: Bunkeybo
Blue Orb: Bunkeyto
Blue Orb: Nukhalong
Blue Orb: Vilkas
Blue Orb: Vilkas Archer
Blue Orb: Romplenuka
Blue Orb: Vilkas Assassin
Blue Orb: Vilkas Spearman
Blue Orb: Vilkas Fighter
Blue Orb: Vilkas Mage
Blue Orb: Green Charog
Blue Orb: Green Charcoal Walker
Blue Orb: Green Blindlem
Blue Orb: Cave Ravinelarva
Blue Orb: Kugheri Symbani
Blue Orb: Kugheri Balzer
Blue Orb: Kugheri Zeffi
Blue Orb: Mouringaka
Blue Orb: Nabu
Blue Orb: Mourningbird
Red Orb: Akhlass Dame
Red Orb: Akhlass Tikke
Red Orb: Akhlass Beorn
Red Orb: Akhlass Bishop
Red Orb: Akhlass Sensor
Red Orb: Akhlass Hump
Red Orb: Cyaria
Red Orb: Akhlass Petal
Red Orb: Akhlass Steel
Red Orb: Akhlacia
Red Orb: Akhlass Countess
Red Orb: Black Shardstatue
Red Orb: Black Templeslave
Red Orb: Black Temple Slave Assassin
Red Orb: Amberdog
Red Orb: Scarecrow
Red Orb: Straw Walker
Red Orb: Ragbird
Red Orb: Ragged Butcher
Red Orb: Green Ellomago
Red Orb: Blue Woodluwa
Red Orb: Green Goblin Warrior
Red Orb: Green Goblin Charger
Red Orb: Green Goblin Wizard
Red Orb: Green Goblin Shaman
Red Orb: Rhodenabean
Red Orb: Rhodenag
Red Orb: Rhodetad
Red Orb: Elder Rhode
Red Orb: Rhodedoe
Red Orb: Rhodeliot
Red Orb: Nuttafly
Red Orb: Nuttabug
Red Orb: Rodejokel
Red Orb: Rhodevassal
Red Orb: Blue Pag Doper
Red Orb: Yellow Pag Clamper
Red Orb: Green Pag Nurse
Red Orb: Yellow Pag Shearer
Red Orb: Kugheri Tot
Red Orb: Kugheri Sommi
Red Orb: Kugheri Lyoni
Red Orb: Yellow Leafnut
Red Orb: Orange Grummer
Red Orb: Red Colimen
Red Orb: Yellow Caro
Red Orb: Kugheri Numani
Red Orb: Kugheri Zabbi
Red Orb: Kugheri Zeuni
Red Orb: Blom
Red Orb: Virdney
Red Orb: Castle Gardener
Red Orb: Flowlon
Red Orb: Flowlevi
Red Orb: Red Slime
Red Orb: Yellow Arma
Red Orb: Yellow Pyran
Red Orb: Red Wizard Shaman Doll
Red Orb: Red Glyquare
Red Orb: Red Anchor
Red Orb: Green Prison Fighter
Red Orb: Yellow Polibu
Red Orb: Blue Gosaru
Red Orb: Blue Doyor
Red Orb: Blue Tanu
Red Orb: Blue Beetow
Red Orb: Red Ducky
Red Orb: Blue Moglan
Red Orb: Lakhorn
Red Orb: Lakhof
Red Orb: Green Flak
Red Orb: Tala Wizard
Red Orb: Green Flamme
Red Orb: Tala Archer
Red Orb: Tala Battle Boss
Red Orb: Lakhtanon
Red Orb: Green Flamme Mage
Red Orb: Green Bavon
Red Orb: Green Rubblem
Red Orb: Green Zolem
Red Orb: Green Flamag
Red Orb: Green Flamme Archer
Red Orb: Green Wood Goblin
Red Orb: Orange Lakhof
Red Orb: Green Flamil
Red Orb: Rondo
Red Orb: Red Maize
Red Orb: Red Siaulav
Red Orb: Black Siaulav Archer
Red Orb: Black Siaulav Mage
Red Orb: Lyecorn
Red Orb: Tuthrycon
Red Orb: Horned Golem
Red Orb: Bunkeybo
Red Orb: Bunkeyto
Red Orb: Nukhalong
Red Orb: Vilkas
Red Orb: Vilkas Archer
Red Orb: Romplenuka
Red Orb: Vilkas Assassin
Red Orb: Vilkas Spearman
Red Orb: Vilkas Fighter
Red Orb: Vilkas Mage
Red Orb: Green Charog
Red Orb: Green Charcoal Walker
Red Orb: Green Blindlem
Red Orb: Cave Ravinelarva
Red Orb: Kugheri Symbani
Red Orb: Kugheri Balzer
Red Orb: Kugheri Zeffi
Red Orb: Mouringaka
Red Orb: Nabu
Red Orb: Mourningbird
The Cave of Legends : Revised Edition Volume 1
A book containing information on mysterious locations within the Kingdom.
The Cave of Legends : Revised Edition Volume 2
The Cave of Legends : Revised Edition Volume 3
Summary of the Royal Family Tree
Records obtained after helping Investigation Team Leader Ella. It contains the royal family's genealogy, but seems to be an old book as it doesn't include the names of the most recent 15 kings. Right-click to read.
A history book obtained after helping Investigator Gasper. Lucid Winterspoon's memorandum, which has a few blank pages here and there. Right-click to read.
A history book obtained after helping Investigator Horatio. It appears to be about the interactions between the Kedora Merchant Alliance and the demons. Right-click to read.
According to one source, the book is written by the Alchemist Master to teach those who will follow him. Right-click to read.
T
You can obtain rewards by taking certain combinations to the Magic Association NPC in town.
REE
O
F
S
A
VI
OR
Random Band Chest (3 Days)
You can obtain one of two types of bands.
Enhanced Random Band Chest (15 Days)
You can obtain one of two types of bands.
Random Necklace Chest (3 Days)
You can obtain one of two types of necklaces.
Enhanced Random Necklace Chest (15 Days)
Icicle Recovery Potion Lv1 [Event]
Restores your HP and SP by 512 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
An ingredient to make dumplings. It exudes a pleasant nutty scent.
An ingredient to make dumplings. Highly sought after by Honey Dumpling enthusiasts.
An ingredient to make dumpling dough. Place the fillings inside the dough to make your dumplings.
An ingredient to make dumplings. It looks nice and ripe.
A sweet dumpling made of various ingredients. It may look difficult to cook, but the tasty treat is worth it. {nl} Increases +2 movement speed, +5000 maximum HP and SP for 15 minutes.
A king-size dumpling made of several ingredients. It smells sweet and looks absolutely delicious. {nl} Grants everyone in your party +4 movement speed, +1 AoE attack ratio and +25% EXP gain.
Clue Memo
A memo that was given to you by Kupole Jore. Write down any clues that you find.
Magical Paper
A piece of paper with nothing on it. You feel a faint trace of magic.
Documents used to maintain the equipment at Inner Wall District 8.
Steel Ball
It looks painful.
A wooden stick that you could find anywhere.
Shoddy Hammer
It looks shoddy, but you might be able to get a few swings out of it.
Magical Eye
A mysterious rock that is used to check magic circles.
Maintenance Documents for Inner Wall District 9
Documents containing information on the equipment at Inner Wall District 9.
Scroll of Projection
A scroll used to control some of the equipment at Inner Wall District 9.
A piece of paper containing action plans for all the walls on the 'Day of Revelations'.
Classified Equipment Manual for District 9
It contains information regarding the classified equipment at District 9.
Emergency orders. It states that the person receiving the orders is to move immediately.
Kupole Milda's Investigation Records
A piece of paper containing Kupole Milda's investigation records. You may be able to find the core by reading it carefully.
Red Ignition Magic Stone
A magic stone that allows you to disarm the defenses by activating the management stone.
Outer Wall Core
A core that was at the Outer Wall. It is said to have been prepared by Goddess Laima, but there is an ominous aura about it.
Vincetas' Squad Supplies
Supplies that Vincentas' Squad left behind while they were retreating. There may be something useful.
Military Grade Bomb
A bomb used by the military. Seems to be powerful enough.
Military Grade Antidote
Antidote issued by the military. A bit more effective than one would presume.
Obstruction Fragment
A fragment from what was obstructing the road. No clue as to where it may be used.
Keepsakes of Vincentas' Squad
Keepsake from a soldier from Vincentas' Squad that was murdered by Ebonypawn.
Assassin Ebonypawn's Mark
A mark of of the assassin Ebonypawn. Looks like some sort of identification card for members of the Astral Tower.
Lost Wall Supplies
Supplies that were being moved by the Supply Soldier's soul.
Soldier's Keepsake
The keepsakes of soldiers stationed on the wall.
Scout Report
A report written by a scout before his or her death.
Fragment containing Divine Power
You are able to feel an extremely faint sense of divine power.
Kule Peak's Divine Bead
A bead that is emmiting divine power. It is said to have been left by a forgotten goddess.
Powerless Gohei
An object that was brought in from another Kingdom by the Kedora Merchant Alliance. It is unknown as to what it is used for.
First Spiritual Orb
A Spiritual Orb that reacts to the Spiritual Stone. The reactions will differ from time to time.
Second Spiritual Orb
Third Spiritual Orb
Fourth Spiritual Orb
Fifth Spiritual Orb
Sixth Spiritual Orb
Seventh Spiritual Orb
Eighth Spiritual Orb
Ninth Spiritual Orb
Tenth Spiritual Orb
Eleventh Spiritual Orb
Twelfth Spiritual Orb
Gohei with a Divine Spirit
An object brought by the Kedora Merchant Alliance from another Kingdom. It has a Divine Spirit residing in it.
Barrier Gohei
The Gohei that maintains the barrier. It is said that the barrier will react if the Gohei is used in front of it.
Goddess Gegute's Crystal
A crystal borrowed from the Chronomancer Master, Lucid Winterspoon, that allows you to take a peek back in time. It is said to contain the powers of Goddess Gegute.
Magic Essence
Magic essence that is obtained after defeating the monsters at Zima Suecourt. Used to power the magic source at Devries Controller.
Faint Magic Sources
Magic sources that were scattered around the Central Laboratory's Magic Source. Can be used to activate the Central Laboratory's Magic Source.
Discharged Magic Sources
A discharged magic source. Can be used to collect magic from the surrounding area.
Locations of Legend : Revised Edition
A book that introduces locations mentioned in legends after Medzio Diena.
Heranda's Traces
Records and objects that appear to belong to Heranda.
Mecenary Company Antidote
An antidote that Gigho begged for you to look for.
Edeline's Silver Necklace
The necklace of Edeline, the lover of Priest Celvica.
Records of Alembique Cave
Appears to be records from people who had stayed in Alembique Cave.
Stalactite Chunk
Stalactite chunk that Alta found on the monsters.
A rare, cold body fluid that can be found from monsters. Use it to cool the altar.
Seeds
Ordinary looking seeds.
Proven Seeds
Seeds that will bloom into Vaivora's Koru.
Lyecorn Essence
Can be used as a vessal to hold divine power if purified.
Arcus Bracken
An Arcus Bracken that was raised under the influence of divine energy. Used to purify Gosaru Essence.
Essence imbued with Divine Energy
Bunkeybo Skin
One of the ingredients required for Oscaras' experiments.
Bunkeyto Skin
Phamer Bracken
Phamer Bracken, one of the ingredients required for Oscaras' experiments.
Tulip
One of the ingredients required for Oscaras' experiments.
Tranquilizer
Tranquilizer given by Oscaras to use while obtaining monsters for the experiments. It is effective once the monsters are weakened.
Empty Bottle
A bottle to gather water for Oscaras' experiments.
Soil
A soil sample used for Oscaras' experiments.
A bottle containing water used for Oscaras' experiments.
Sack Containing an Unconscious Bunkeybo
A Bunkeybo, which is required for Oscaras' experiments.
Sack Containing an Unconscious Bunkeyto
A Bunkeyto, which is required for Oscaras' experiments.
Young Phamer Bracken
Fully Grown Phamer Bracken
Bunkeyto Essence
Bunkeyto Essence. Used as an ingredient in the cure.
Ponpon Essence which will be used as an ingredient in the cure. Only what reacts to the magic in the Bunkeyto Essence will be used.
Vink Flowers
Vink Flowers which react to a monster's magic by glowing red.
Cure
Poppy Bracken
Aily Grass
Pria Flower
Fur that still has a strong Vilkas stench.
Flechette Detection Recipe
A recipe given to you by the Fletcher Master that allows you to craft the Flechette Detection Device.
Romplenuka Magic Essence
Romplenuka magic essence which is required to craft the Flechette Detection Device.
Vilkas Essence
Vilkas magic essence which is required to craft the Flechette Detection Device.
Flechette Detection Device
A device that will help you find the Flechette.
Flechette
An arrow that had been used by Lydia Schaffen.
Fletcher Master's Certified Arrow
Documents on Dispelling Transformation Magic
Documents containing methods to dispel the transformation magic casted on King Kadumel's Monument.
Magic Dispel Orb
An orb used to dispel the transformation magic casted on King Kadumel's Monument
Orb of Vigor
An object required to recharge the orb.
Dry Vilkas Skin
Flammable Vilkas skin
Magic Detector
A detector that is able to sense the magic from transformation spells.
Lettered Monument Fragment
King Kadumel's Monument Fragment
Vilkas Salivary Glands
Acidic Vilkas salivary glands
Cleansed Essence
An essence that has been cleansed by Priest Gherriti. Can be used to hold divine energy.
Mittelly Herb
A herb that is good for reducing any paralytic affects. Priest Lintas would appreciate any that you can find.
Mittaharyn Grass
Grass that will make Gosaru saliva even more acidic.
Magic Orb
An orb that keeps ingredients from decomposing. The Necromancer Master uses it to test the skills of any apprentice as there are not many that can properly utilize it.
Blue Beetow Salivary Glands
Blue Beetow salivary glands that have a distinct odor.
Half-Digested Grass
Half-digested grass that the Alchemist Master uses to craft incense.
Akhlass Hump's Worm
A bug that is used by the Alchemist Master to craft incense. Usually lives on Akhlass Humps.
Seal of Dominance
A seal crafted for apprentices not used to controlling evil spirits.
Beast Monster Blood
The blood of a Beast-type monster.
Plant Monster Fluids
The fluids of a Plant-type monster.
Crystal Orb
Book that the Sage Master is looking for.
Magic Absorption Orb
An orb that absorbs magic. Used to see if a person is skilled enough to become an Enchanter.
Decree written by the Inquisitor Master.
Book of Judgment
A book about heresy and heretics
Practice Talisman
A talisman given by the Taoist Master for people to learn about how to use it. Although nothing is drawn on the Strange Yellow Paper, the talisman will show various effects at once.
Magic Infused Blood
lngredients required by the Necromancer Master
Seal of Disarmament
Seal given by the Featherfoot Master which can be used to dispell curses. Can only dispell weak curses.
Cursed Object
Objects from soldiers that were killed in Khonot Forest. They seem to be cursed.
Orb of Purification
Orb used to purify demonic energy.
White Tree Forest Moth Cocoon
A cocoon made by moth larvae that only live in the White Tree Forest. Can obtain strong string from it.
Head Flower
A flower on Flowlevi's head. Dry it well and seeds are edible.
Wood used to craft lumber for repair.
Lumber Crafting Tools
Tools used to craft lumber for repairing fences.
Fence Repairing Lumber
Flowlon Leather
Randulin Grass
Grass that is used to purify the toxic water.
Water of White Tree Forest
Water poisoned by White Tree toxin.
Sack of Cable Car Spare Parts
A sack that contains materials to repair the cable car.
Broken Magic Core Pieces
Fragment from a Magic Core that was broken by a demon. The Teleportation Magic Circle won't activate without a Magic Core.
Evil Demon Essence
Essence obtained after defeating a demon. You feel an evil magic.
Purified Monster Essence
Purified essence obtained from demons.
Unstable Magic Core
The Magic Core that formerly provided magic to the teleportation magic circle. It is still unstable and must be looked after with care.
Tala Sleep Powder
Sleep Powder that can put Tala Tribespeople to sleep. It is said to be uneffective against others.
Tala Tribe Necklaces
A necklace taken from the violent Tala Tribe. The gem has been blackened.
Purified Tala Necklace
Purified Tala Tribe Necklace. The gem is glowing blue.
Demon Magic Stone
A magic stone that had been in the possesion of demons. It may fool the restraining device.
Realized restoration energy. You can feel a warm feeling.
Unstable Orb of Restoration
Unstable restoration energy. It will not be easy to realize it without the help of Medena.
Mysterious Moss
Moss that grew under the influence of the Tevhrin Stalactite Cave's divine energy. It is glowing.
The core that used to be within the Green Zolem. It's an intricately crafted device that moves by magic.
Purified Zolem Core
Purified core of a Zolem, which had been moving through evil energy. It has become stronger than the original core.
Kupole's Detection Stone
A Detection Stone used to find hidden objects. It was given to you by Kupole Medena.
Siute's Pendant
Siute's Pendant. It will shield you from evil magic as it contains protective spells.
Saule's Divine Orb
Saule's Divine Orb that you received from Serija. It contains the power to control Dalia's seal.
Restored Saule's Divine Orb
Restored form of Saule's Divine Orb. While it does contain power to resist evil energies, the orb has been weakened, only allowing a one-time use.
A demon's evil talisman.
Completed bait. Tyronas Hydra really likes this.
A sparkly blue fragment discovered in Sicarius. It looks like it could be used to activate a device.
A sparkly red fragment discovered in Sicarius. It looks like it could be used to activate a device.
Pag Clamper's Core
Pag Clamper's Core. It is required to fill Jaonus Altar with divine energy. Does it really have anything to do with divine energy?
Keepsakes Containing the Resentment of the Dead
Keepsakes taken from the coffin. It is said to contain the resentment of the dead. Does it really have anything to do with filling the altar with divine energy? This is becoming even more suspicious.
Temporary Doctrine Chapter 1
A doctrine that has been scribbled on a piece of paper. It looks extremely shoddy. "Death is our only true God."
Temporary Doctrine Chapter 2
A doctrine that has been scribbled on a piece of paper. It looks extremely shoddy. "We become complete by bathing in the blood of humans."
Temporary Doctrine Chapter 3
A doctrine that has been scribbled on a piece of paper. It looks extremely shoddy. "Creed - Sacrifice humans and complete death."
Pag Doper's Oil Bottle
A Pag Doper's oil bottle. It has a strange scent. Can you light fires with this oil?
Damaged Temporary Doctrine
A doctrine that has been scribbled on a piece of paper. It looks extremely shoddy and is also damaged, making it difficult to read. "Death is the greatest blessing of all."
The book of judgement given to you by Judge Rymis. It is said to give its owner immense divine power if there is anyone who refuses to convert or accept judgement.
Nutta Fluid
A strange smelling fluid from Nuttafly and Nuttabug. According to Kupole Lina, it is used as a base ingredient in supplements.
Fallen Leaves
Leaves that have fallen near trees. Kupole Lina says that supplements are created with these, and monster fluids.
Lina's Supplement Bottle
A strange smelling bottle that holds Kupole Lina's supplement. You have been asked to fill empty bottles with it.
Medicine you've been given to be use while collecting monster essence. Weakened monsters will be paralyzed by it.
Rodejokel Essence
Rodejokel essence that was requested by Kupole Lina. You will have to paralyze weakened Rodejokels in order to obtain it.
Glimmering Powder
Glimmering powder gathered from Nuttafly. It is used to activate Magic Spheres.
Blue Nheto Moss
Blue moss that is said to grow in Nheto Forest. Said to be found under boulders in fall.
Lyciu Herbs
A dark yellow herb. Cesaris has asked you to gather yellow herbs that stand out in between the red leaves.
Cesaris' Whistle
A whistle that can call Iyran to your location. Blow the whistle if Iyran is too far away.
Vhelis Roots
Vhelis roots found by Iyran. You can't see the difference.
Brown Powder
A mysterious brown powder. It is sprinkled over the logs that Lumberjack Dowedas had asked you to bring.
Blood Sample
A blood sample that Chronomancer Ida asked you to bring. It has not had the time to solidify yet.
Solidified Blood Sample
A blood sample taken at the request of Chronomancer Ida. It solidified as soon as you left Nheto Forest.
Forest Ranger's Report
A report written by Forest Ranger Bronius at the request of Chronomancer Ida. It contains information about leaves and Blue Nheto Moss.
Herbalist's Report
A report written by Herbalist Cesaris at the request of Chronomancer Ida. It contains information about 6 types of herbs.
Lumberjack's Report
A report written by Lumberjack Dowedas at the request of Chronomancer Ida. It contains information about the weather, climate and aging circles.
Report on the Relation Between the Forest and Medzio Diena
A report you have received from the Chronomancer about the forest. Right-click to read.
Rag Doll Fragment
A fragment from a shoddy rag doll. Perhaps this is the doll mentioned in Morkus' dairy.
Sturdy Roots
Thick stems that had been buried underground. Can be used to craft a leaf whistle.
Willitte's Shovel
Willitte's shovel. A sturdy shovel despite being extremely worn. It seems to be more than capable of digging up bulky roots.
Organic Solvent
Potion used to remove dye. Morkus wishes to spray this on a green tree.
Hidden Necklace
A necklace that Morkus found on the ground. You seem to remember seeing it being used somewhere...
Ida's Report
A report written by Chronomancer Ida to be given to the Chronomancer Master. It contains information about the situation in Nheto Forest.
Orders written in unreadable demon letters. Kupoles may be able to make sense of it.
Small Stone Fragment
Essence Collection Orb
The Kupole has asked you to gather the demon's strength. Defeat demons in the surrounding area with this orb in order to collect their energy.
Orb of Divine Detection
An Orb of Divine Detection crafted by the Kupole. It will react to any divine energy in the area.
Sealed Demon's Power
Essence collected from demons. Used to craft an alarm that will detect any incoming demons.
Kupole's Alarm Crystal
Ausrine's First Trace
A fragment suspected of being a trace of Ausrine. It appears to have marks of something being engraved on it.
Ausrine's Second Trace
A fragment suspected of being a trace of Ausrine. It seems to be a damaged mirror. Perhaps it was used in some sort of ritual.
Ausrine's Third Trace
A fragment suspected of being a trace of Ausrine. It seems to be a piece of glass from something bigger. It reacts to divine energy.
Lieutenant's Demon Orders
Orders written in unreadable demon letters. It seems to be different from the one you previously found. The Kupoles may be able to make sense of it.
An Unknown Object
A stone fragment you found in the ruins. Looks like it's a fragment from the destroyed altar.
Ausrine's Fourth Trace
An object that appears to be a trace of Ausrine. It is a wooden statue that is severely damaged.
Ausrine's Fifth Trace
An object that appears to be a trace of Ausrine. It is a severely damaged necklace that may have been used as part of a ritual.
Demon Magic Stone Fragment
A Magic Stone fragment that contains a demon's power. Kupole Leda seems to plan on crafting a divine energy Detection Orb by using debris from the Interferance Magic Circle and the fragment.
Interferance Magic Circle Debris
Kupole Leda seems to plan on crafting a divine energy Detection Orb by using debris from the Interferance Magic Circle and the fragment.
Gosal Horn
Gosal Horn. The Falconer Master has told you to obtain this horn by defeating the Gosal in Khonot Forest to prove your skills.
Crystal of Restoration
A crystal given to you by the Hackapell Master. It is said to use the Sanctuary's energy to cure illness. You have been tasked with charging it with energy as the Hackapell Master is too busy to do so on behalf of the Pardoner Master.
Old Commemorative Coin
An old coin found recently on the coast. Said to be extremely valuable.
The Hummil Family's Red Crystal
A red crystal that has been passed down the Hummil Family. It reacts to any blue crystals near it.
The Hummil Family's Blue Crystal
A blue crystal that has been passed down the Hummil Family. It reacts to any red crystals near it.
Suspicious Documents
Documents containing unrecognizable letters. It is in bad shape, as it was abandoned in the grass. Difficult to read, but has a seal in the shape of a tree.
Magic Amplifier
Debris from the Wall
Debris from the wall showing that there was some sort of incident here long ago.
Ruklys' Document Chest
It is said to contain documents that will prove Ruklys' innocence.
Blue Gosaru Magic Stone Shards
Magic shards that have gathered inside the body of a Blue Gosaru. May be used to recharge the Document Chest's energy.
Document Chest's Key
The key to Ruklys' document chest.
Strong Solvent
A strong acidic solvent. It appears to be strong enough to dissolve any monster eggs.
Yega Bracken Spores
Spores that are unique to the Yega Bracken that live in Khamadon Forest.
Sleep Powder
Said to put weakened monsters to sleep without fail.
Refined Spores
Greg has refined the spores you gathered for him, creating a medicine.
Astrus Herbs
Smells spicy enough now, but will become even worse when burned.
Centaurus Crystal
Sophia wishes to research the Centaurus Crystal in order to find out why the Ducky cannot seem to stand their ground against the Centaurus.
Centaurus Dust
Powder created by crushing Centaurus Crystals
Blue Beetow Wings
It is said that a lot of Blue Beetow Wings are needed in order to substitute Centaurus poison.
Dry Bracken Leaves
Dry bracken leaves that have fallen off of the stem. It can be mixed with Blue Beetow Wings to substitute Centaurus poison.
Whitetailed Grass
Can relieve pain for a limited time.
Kugheri Stimulant
This must be sprayed on Kugheri Tots in order to obtain a special type of ingredient.
Stimulated Poison Sacks
Poison sacks discovered on stimulated Kugheri Tots. You can almost see the strong poison.
Kugheri Paralysis Poison
Strange smelling Kugheri Paralysis Poison. Used to paralyze small animals.
Vilhelmas' Trap
A special trap crafted by Vilhelmas, designed with the plan in mind.
Leafnut Tailfruit
It tastes terrible but is still edible for anyone desperate enough to eat it.
Sturdy Stick
It may turn out to be a usable weapon if properly trimmed.
Pystis Grass Roots
The juices from a Pystis Grass Root are used in a variety of medicine.
Orange Grummer Legs
It is said that it can cure the plague when mixed with Pystis Grass Root juice.
Red Colimen Fluid
It is said that Red Colimen Fluid is effective at disolving moss.
Small Jeweled Chest
A chest holding memories of Lord Ryudhas.
Joquvas Family Shield
A shield that has the seal of the Joquvas family on it.
Syla Dandelion Dew
It is said that a lot of dew gathers on Syla Dandelions.
Part of the orders given to the Kugheri Tribe by the demon named Vhalteras.
Royal Family Chest
A chest that has been secretly passed down the Royal Family. It is said to contain clues on finding Taniel the Second's Royal Mausoleum.
Map to the Magical Trees
A map containing the locations of magical trees related to the Secret Royal Mausoleum. Can be unfolded.
Seal of the Royal Family
A magical slate that has also been passed down the Royal Family, bearing the seal of the Royal Family. It is said to react to magical trees and is somehow related to the Secret Royal Mausoleum.
Dull Royal Family Seal
The seal has lost its glow as it has used all of its power.
A note with memos from Indraja written on it. Readable.
Kugheri Shaman Staff
A ceremonial staff that the Kugheri Numani carry around. The bells on it appear to have some sort of shamanic powers.
Ancient Parchment Book
An ancient book that had been stored in the Royal Library. It is made of parchment.
Ella's Handknife
A handknife that you have received from Ella. You may be able to retrieve juice from the exposed tree roots.
Tree Root Juice
Juice retrieved from the contaminated tree roots in the destroyed city.
Fake Parchment
Fake parchment created by Ella in order to fool the goblins.
Acceptable Book
Books that are in acceptable condition despite being damaged.
Advance Party's Keepsakes
A pouch holding keepsakes from the advance party. The goblins seem to carry them around as loot.
Investigation Team's Pendulum
A pendulum used by Royal Investigators as a special sign. Gasper believes that it will lead them to relics hidden by the advance party.
Hidden Slate
Records found by the advance party. It looks as if they were able to hide it before being ambushed by goblins.
Usable Vines
Sturdy vines that have gone through the building's roof.
Goblin Shaman's Jewel
It glows in dark places as it contains the magic from Goblin Shamans.
Swordsman Ceremonial Costume (Male)
Swordsman Ceremonial Costume (Female)
Wizard Ceremonial Costume (Male)
Wizard Ceremonial Costume (Female)
Archer Ceremonial Costume (Male)
Archer Ceremonial Costume (Female)
Cleric Ceremonial Costume (Male)
Cleric Ceremonial Costume (Female)
Condensed Stat Reset Potion
Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher
Shining Basic Gem Abrasive
Shining Intermediate Gem Abrasive
Shining Advanced Gem Abrasive
Shining Superior Gem Abrasive
Shining Silver Anvil
Condensed Keista Restoration Potion Lv1
Condensed Keista Protective Potion
Condensed Keistas Bravery Potion
Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Basic EXP Card
Adds 142150 EXP and 109455 Class EXP.
Intermediate EXP Card
Adds 237943 EXP and 183216 Class EXP.
Advanced EXP Card
Adds 541023 EXP and 416587 Class EXP.
Gem Abrasive: 5000
Movement Speed Potion: 1 Hour
Increases your movement speed by 2 for 1 hour. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 300 seconds.
Holy Red Apple
Instantly restores 50% of your maximum HP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 50% of HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Holy Green Apple
Instantly restores 50% of your maximum SP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 50% of SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Silver Anvil (14 Days)
Light Anvil (14 Days)
Golden Anvil (14 Days)
Shining Golden Anvil
You can start the Earth Tower Challenge from the 1st floor of the Solmiki Area if you carry this symbol with you.
Black Cube
Silver Cube
Gold Cube
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}512 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
A gladiator helmet with no marks can mean one of two things. Either it's a new helmet that's never been used, or a really magnificent piece that won't scratch even with use.
Many believe that Plague Doctors keep their drugs packed inside their equipment. While they wouldn't be wrong, their drugs are in fact compacted under the authority of priests. That is an important difference between competent healers and Plague Doctors.
Decorated with feather. It is weak and should be handled with attention.
An armband for players who participated in the 1st CBT.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
An armband to commemorate those that participated in the Seasonal Server.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing it will help you classify your allies.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Wearing this will change your hairstyle.
Prince Waves
A hair cut favored by royal families in past days, this style boasts natural elegance in its soft waves.
Asymmetric Blend Cut
Some say this weapon unleashes the grudge that plants hold against beasts.
Despite its quality, it sells relatively well.
Despite its quality, it sells relatively well.
Despite its quality, it sells relatively well.
Despite its quality, it sells relatively well.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
Its extremely sharp blade makes it a favorite among even the most experienced swordsmen.
This sword whose shape resembles the jaws of a shark can do much more than just cutting.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
Curved swords are powerful slashing weapons. Slash attacks consisting of short, consecutive hits are believed to make them even more effective.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
This equipment will help you in battle.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.
This equipment will help you in battle.
This sword can be a trustworthy extension of both your hands.
This sword can be a trustworthy extension of both your hands.
This sword can be a trustworthy extension of both your hands.
This sword can be a trustworthy extension of both your hands.
This sword can be a trustworthy extension of both your hands.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
This equipment will help you in battle.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.
There is a rumor that the blade's production method was created by demons with a purpose to attack other demons. According to one account, Demon Lord Hauberk or his underlings have researched this as well.
According to the stories passed down through time, this staff was meant to possess a very powerful magic force. Its creator, however, passed away before they could imbue the magic in it, resulting in the state it has today.
You may be the first wizard in history to ever use this weapon.
You may be the first wizard in history to ever use this weapon.
Apart from being a magical bow, it is generally considered to be mediocre, but the user might make exceptional use of it.
You could be the very first person to draw out the true potential of this weapon.
You could be the very first person to draw out the true potential of this weapon.
Don't be disappointed that there were no iconic figures in history who used this weapon. You might become the first.
It is still unknown as to how monsters obtained this shield.
It is still unknown as to how monsters obtained this shield.
An imperial order issued long ago prohibits trade of this spear outside of the Fedimian territory.
No one has become famous yet using this weapon. Hopefully you will be the first one.
No one has become famous yet using this weapon. Hopefully you will be the first one.
Agny Necklace
Deals additional  damage when casting Fire property magic
Made from the experiments of ancient Pyromancers, it enhances the effects of Fire magic.
Test Lightning Necklace
Test Glacier Necklace
Combat Bracelet (7 Days)
A bracelet that awakens the combat spirit of its wearer.
Guardian Bracelet (7 Days)
This bracelet gives its wearer a feeling of being protected by a special power.
Resonating Bracelet (7 Days)
A bracelet that seems to resonate with magic.
Miko Costume
Kannushi Costume
Tribal Hair Ornament
A hair ornament traditional to an unknown tribe. This style of ornament has been passed down through many generations.
Square Black Hat
A small, dainty hat reminiscent of a crown.
Lamah
Part of the traditional garments of a faraway country. Said to be worn by those who teach.
Decorative Ribbon Hat
Small Brim Feather Hat
A small-brimmed hat topped with a feather decoration. Adorable.
Luxury Hat and Rose
A luxurious hat in black silk finish, partnered with a beautiful rose.
Dual Color Boater
A two-toned boater hat. Be careful not to stare at it for too long, or it might make you dizzy.
Sailor Cap
A cap traditionally worn by sailor crews.
Noble Flower Bonnet
One could see a noble lady wearing this bonnet in her day-to-day outings.
Ceremonial Officer Cap
A cap worn by army officer on special events.
Ancient Crown
An ancient crown. Its kingdom of origin is unclear.
Ceremonial Veil
A veil used in special ceremonies. Used mostly in coming-of-age rites.
Ritual Veil
A veil used in ritual ceremonies. Commonly worn for baptism rites in the past, it has now been mostly forgotten.
Rosy Bowler
A bowler hat adorned with an impressive stripe pattern.
Vilkas Wooden Club
Vilkas Archer's Bow
Vilkas Archer's Hood
Romplenuka Horn
Romplenuka's Wrist Ornament
Vilkas Assassin's Dagger
Vilkas Assassin's Belt
Vilkas Spearman's Weapon
Vilkas Mage Tail
Vilkas Mage's Hood
Red Slime's Chain
Red Slime's Slime
Yellow Arma Undamaged Tail
Yellow Arma Horn
Yellow Pyran Tail
Dirty Cloth
Kugheri Lyoni Horn
Kugheri Sommi Ribbon
Kugheri Sommi Tambourine
Kugheri Tot's Necklace
Kugheri Tot Fruit
Yellow Leafnut Tail
Yellow Leafnut Undamaged Wings
Orange Grummer Undamaged Wings
Orange Grummer Antenna
Red Colimen Flower Leaf
Yellow Caro Antenna
Kugheri Numani's Hat
Kugheri Numani's Bell
Kugheri Zabbi's Cymbals
Kugheri Zabbi's Mask
Kugheri Zeuni's Cloth Piece
Green Charog Horn
Green Charog Nail
Green Charcoal Walker Horn
Green Blindlem's Moss-covered Stone
Green Blindlem Teeth
Cave Ravinelarva Thorn
Kugheri Balzer's Flower Basket
Kugheri Balzer's Braid
Kugheri Symbani's Sword
Kugheri Symbani's Hat Ornament
Kugheri Zeffi's Ornament
Mouringaka Undamaged Wings
Mouringaka Antenna
Nabu's Undamaged Tail
Mourningbird Tail
Mourningbird Undamaged Wings
Jack-O-Lantern Hair Ornament
Haunted Artist
An item that will award you with the Haunted Artist title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Pumpkin Candy
A type of candy found only during Halloween. Increases all stats by 5. Right-click to use.
Halloween Cube
A Jack-O-Lantern Halloween cube. Right-click to open and obtain its contents.
A card used to enhance a card. Increases a card's EXP by 2000.
Lottery Silver Chest
Goddess' Blessed Cube
Goddess' Blessed Cube x10 + 1
Exchange Medal
Currency used to purchase items from the Exchange Shop.
Superior Warrior Necklace (7 Days)
Superior Magician Necklace (7 Days)
Superior Health Band (7 Days)
Superior Psychic Band (7 Days)
TestHairAccessory1
TestHairAccessory2
TestHairAccessory3
TestHairAccessory4
TestHairAccessory5
TestHairAccessory6
TestHairAccessory7
TestHairAccessory8
TestHairAccessory9
TestHairAccessory10
TestHairAccessory11
TestHairAccessory12
TestHairAccessory13
TestHairAccessory14
TestHairAccessory15
TestHairAccessory16
TestHairAccessory17
TestHairAccessory18
TestHairAccessory19
TestHairAccessory20
Flarestone Horn
Doesn't actually warm your head.
Flamingo
It is said to be something rare.
Hamster
Caution: Might eat your head.
TestHairAccessory24
TestHairAccessory25
TestHairAccessory26
TestHairAccessory27
TestHairAccessory28
TestHairAccessory29
Heart Hairpin
Express your love.
Queen Hat
A hat shaped like a queen chess piece. Gives a volumnious look.
Menu
Not an actual menu, it's just a piece of wood.
Paper Ticket
Rain Cloud
Pancake
Peach-colored Rose Horn
Polished with an animal horn to present both fierceness and elegance.
Pirate Hat
Purple Flower Headband
Queenly Crown
Radishu
Red Flower Headband
A hat made of red flowers.
Sky Blue Ribbon
A ribbon with strap. It will look great on a lady with a long hair.
Winding Key
Slid-off Glasses
Sun
Too hot to wear in the summer.
Sunflower Seed
If planted on the head, sunflowers might grow.
Salmon Egg Sushi
There is nothing tastier than salmon eggs.
Egg Sushi
Shrimp Sushi
It's a matter of opinion but some consider this the best.
Tuna Sushi
If chosen carefully, you might get the best part.
Salmon Sushi
Once you start, you cannot stop.
Roll
There are many varieties. What is yours like?
Fried Shrimp
Freshly fried shrimp. Mmm yum.
Salmon Egg Roll
Salmon Roll
It better not be half-eaten.
Avocado Roll
Octopus Roll
Huge Sweat
Useful to get out of an awkward situation. Or, to abort the situation entirely.
Toaster
Good Idea!
Rage!
Wi-Fi
Autumn-colored Rose Horn
Fancy Dandy Hat
Banana Peel
Just by splashing your hair, you can fend off pursuers.
Hipster Glasses
Wear them before they become too mainstream.
Blue Laced Hat
Watery Rose Horn
Buried Carrot
What is growing inside the head?
Cloud
Some say it calls for rain.
Pink Pudding
Black Checker
Looks like something a chairperson might wear. The green-painted part stands out impressively.
Black Gold-laced Butterfly Wings
Boss Bear Hat
Red Checker
Golden Rose Horn
Spartan Helmet
Key-Hat
Don't know which key is the right one.
Sky Blue Striped Crown
A luxurious crown decorated with jewels. The size is a bit big though.
Navy Blue Featherhat
It makes you look like a man who is good with bow and arrow.
Sea-themed Headband
Laced Black Hat
Bison Helmet
Ribboned Marne Hat
It is something a marine captain would wear but the ribbon tones down the authority, so it looks quite natural.
Angelic Halo
You are not dead yet. Just saintly.
White Key-Hat
Guess which key fits where.
Sleeping Leopard
Beware of the leopard.
Watery Shell Ornament
Reindeer Crown
A crown decorated with buffalo horns. Roses and horns combined to create a splendid sight.
Red Pudding Crown
Slacking Sloth
Grey Crown
Puppy Balloon
Horned Hat
Umbrella
Useful when raining.
Lotus Leaf
Nabe
One should always be prepared for securing food supplies.
Bowl
A visor decorated with feathers on each side. Doesn't it remind you of a certain ninja?
Crocus
Crocus means "youth without regrets."
TestHairAccessory103
Valorous Ceremonial Hat
Right-click to equip this Ceremonial themed hair accessory.
Decorated Ceremonial Hat
Tactical Ceremonial Hat
Swift Ceremonial Hat
Serving Ceremonial Hat
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.
Increases your movement speed by 2 for 1 hour. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 300 seconds.
Elixir of HP Recovery
Instantly restores 50% of your maximum HP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 50% of HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Elixir of SP Recovery
Instantly restores 50% of your maximum SP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 50% of SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Red Seeds (1 day)
Increases +2 movement speed and +25 EXP gains for 1 hour.{nl}{nl} - Can be planted in some locations.
A hair ornament traditional to an unknown tribe. This style of ornament has been passed down through many generations.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A small, dainty hat reminiscent of a crown.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Part of the traditional garments of a faraway country. Said to be worn by those who teach.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A hat decorated with a simple ribbon. Right-click to equip.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A small-brimmed hat topped with a feather decoration. Adorable.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A luxurious hat in black silk finish, partnered with a beautiful rose.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A two-toned boater hat. Be careful not to stare at it for too long, or it might make you dizzy.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A beret worn slightly to the side. Its small size and neat style complement each other.
A cap traditionally worn by sailor crews.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
One could see a noble lady wearing this bonnet in her day-to-day outings.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A cap worn by army officer on special events.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
An ancient crown. Its kingdom of origin is unclear.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A veil used in special ceremonies. Used mostly in coming-of-age rites.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A veil used in ritual ceremonies. Commonly worn for baptism rites in the past, it has now been mostly forgotten.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A bowler hat adorned with an impressive stripe pattern.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Maid Ribbon
Popular hair ornament among maids, especially nannies.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Doesn't actually warm your head.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
It is said to be something rare. Did not expect to see it here.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Caution: Might eat your head.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Express your love.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A hat shaped like a queen chess piece. Gives a volumnious look.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Not an actual menu, it's just a piece of wood.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A piece of paper mainly used as a love note. Goddess knows how it ended up on your head.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
An emergency food supply, we think it is. Say, something smells delicious....{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A penguin ornament. It's cute. Enough said.
Polished with an animal horn to present both fierceness and elegance.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A hat made of red flowers.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A ribbon with strap. It will look great on a lady with a long hair.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Slightly loosely hanging pair of glasses. They do exude quirky charm.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Too hot to wear it in summer.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
If planted on head, sunflowers might grow.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
There is nothing tastier than salmon eggs.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
It's a matter of opinion but some consider this the best.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
If chosen carefully, you might get the best part.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
There are many varieties. What is yours like?{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Freshly fried shrimp. Mmm yum.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
It better not be half-eaten.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Useful to get out of an awkward situation. Or, to abort the situation entirely.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Just by splashing your hair, you can fend off pursuers.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Because 20/20 vision is so mainstream.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
What is growing inside the head?{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Some say it calls for rain.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Looks like something a chairperson might wear. The green-painted part stands out impressively.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Gold-plated rose horn, all shiny and golden. How luxurious-looking. {nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Don't know which key is the right one.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A luxurious crown decorated with jewels. The size is a bit big though.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
It makes you look like a man who is good with bow and arrow.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
It is something a marine captain would wear but the ribbon tones down the authority, so it looks quite natural.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
You are not dead yet. Just saintly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Guess which key fits where.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Beware of the leopard.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A crown decorated with buffalo horns. Roses and horns combined to create a splendid sight.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A army official hat decorated with buffalo horns.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Useful when raining.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
One should always be prepared for securing food supplies.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A visor decorated with feathers on each side. Doesn't it remind you of a certain ninja?{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Crocus means "youth without regrets."{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A reward for the Halloween event. It is said to be made out of pumpkin.
Jumbo Dumpling (14 Days)
A king-size dumpling made of several ingredients. It smells sweet and looks absolutely delicious. {nl} Grants everyone in your party +4 movement speed, +1 AoE attack ratio and +25% EXP gain.
Medium Cut
The nobles in the past adapt this hairstyle. It requires a special fluid to keep it like this.
Upstyle Hair
A hairstyle done with a simple string. It is said to be derived from a Goddess' hairstyle.
Brown Contact Lenses
Saja
Regular users will be subject to restrictions should this weapon be found in their possession. This weapon is never supposed to exist, you see.
5% chance to inflict [Bleeding] for 30 seconds on enemies when using a skill attack{nl} - A basic attack will hit 5 successive times every 5 times you apply [Bleeding] to enemies{nl} - {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 50% reduced damage of [Ghost] armor-type targets
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}15%
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3%
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1%
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3%
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1%{nl}  - 1% chance to regenerate 200 HP every second for 5 seconds when taking damage
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%{nl}  - 8% chance to reduce damage by 50% when hit
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}7%
Zemyna Necklace (30 Days)
A necklace with the powers of Goddess Zemyna. It will not last long as it is too crude to hold the power of the goddesses. Upon pick-up, use within 30 days.
Solmiki Medal
A piece of equipment that was named after Solmiki, who once served Goddess Zemyna. It is also called a wearable Goddess Statue thanks to its effects.
Solmiki Medal (Leather)
A piece of equipment named after Solmiki, who once served Goddess Zemyna. Also called a wearable Goddess Statue thanks to its features.{nl}Equip with other leather set items to receive the effects.
Solmiki Medal (Plate)
A piece of equipment named after Solmiki, who once served Goddess Zemyna. Also called a wearable Goddess Statue thanks to its features.{nl}Equip with other plate set items to receive the effects.
Solmiki Bracelet
It is said that four Kupoles that served Goddess Zemyna had infused different kinds of magic into this piece of equipment.
Solmiki Bracelet (Leather)
It is said that four Kupoles that served Goddess Zemyna have infused different kinds of magic into this piece of equipment.{nl}Equip with other leather set items to receive the effects.
Solmiki Bracelet (Plate)
It is said that four Kupoles that served Goddess Zemyna have infused different kinds of magic into this piece of equipment.{nl}Equip with other plate set items to receive the effects.
Swordsman White Rose Costume (M)
Swordsman White Rose Costume (F)
Swordsman Smart Casual Costume (Male)
Swordsman Smart Casual Costume (Female)
Wizard Gothic Costume (Male)
Wizard Gothic Costume (Female)
Wizard Smart Casual Costume (Male)
Wizard Smart Casual Costume (Female)
Archer's Heavily Armed Costume (Male)
Archer Smart Casual Costume (Male)
Archer Smart Casual Costume (Female)
Monk Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Monk Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Monk Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Cleric Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Cleric Circle 3. Use it to wear it.
Cleric Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Cleric Smart Casual Look (Male)
Cleric Smart Casual Look (Female)
Star Hairpin
A hair decoration given to G-Star participants.
White Leather Brimmed Hat
A headwear piece matching the Smart Casual Look costumes.
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. You can enhance equipment without the cost of silver. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Instantly restores 50% of max. HP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 50% of HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Instantly restores 50% of max. SP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 50% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Rank 7 Card
Increases a character's class level of rank 7 to level 15. Can only be used during rank 7. Right-click to use.
Rank 8 Card
Increases a character's class level of rank 8 to level 15. Can only be used during rank 8. Right-click to use.
Dazzling Silver Anvil
Attack Boost Potion: Pierce Lv2
Increases attack of the Pierce property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Slash Lv2
Increases attack of the Slash property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Strike Lv2
Increases attack of the Strike property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Missile Lv2
Increases attack of the Missile property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Fire Lv2
Increases attack of the Fire property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Ice Lv2
Increases attack of the Ice property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Poison Lv2
Increases attack of the Poison property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Lightning Lv2
Increases attack of the Lightning property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Earth Lv2
Increases attack of the Earth property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Holy Lv2
Increases attack of the Holy property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Attack Boost Potion: Dark Lv2
Increases attack of the Dark property against characters by 7% for 5 minutes. Stacks up to 10 times.
Use to obtain the following items:{nl}Can be used from Lv. 60.{nl}- 35x Lv4 EXP Card{nl}- 5x Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher{nl}- 10x Settlement Support Potion{nl}- Settlement Support Chest: Lv75{nl}This item will be removed after the server maintenance of April 7th.
Collection: Token of the Demon Treaty
Collection: Pasleptas
Leticia's Secret Cube
Lv220 Recipe Box - Weapon
Contains a random recipe for a Lv220 weapon.
Recipe Box - Armor
Contains a random recipe for Lv120 ~ 220 armor.
Lv220 Recipe Box - Accessory
Contains a random recipe for a Lv220 accessory.
Leticia's Secret Cube x10 + 1
Shining Cube Piece
Can be obtained from Leticia's Secret Cube.{nl}Collect 100 of them to use.
Lucky Monster Card Box
Contains a random Monster Card.
Cardboard Cube
Contains a random recipe. Right-click to use.
Can only be used on equipment with 1 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. When you fail at an enhance level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
[Card Equip Effect] [Strike] Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Gorgon when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Dark property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Medium-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Netherbovine when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Dark property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Necroventer when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Amplification +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Rexipher when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Medium-type monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Reaverpede skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] SP Potion Effects +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Rikaus when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Movement Speed (+[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}/2]) for 5 seconds after using Stamina potions
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Manticen skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of granting [Blind] to nearby monsters after defeating Devil-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Mummyghast when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Ice property monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Merge skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Flying-type monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Mothstem skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% chance of inducing [Stun] for 3 seconds when attacking with physical attacks
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Minotaur when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Small-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Mirtis when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Evade +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Velorchard when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of obtaining 10 poisons (Wugushi) after defeating Insect-type monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Biteregina skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Dark property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Cyclops when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Silence] State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Shadowgaler when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% of recovering 10% SP after defeating Dark property monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Specter Monarch when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% of recovering 10% SP after defeating Poison property monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Throneweaver when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] +[Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of reflecting 50% damage taken when hit by Dark property attacks
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Abomination when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Dark Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Unknocker when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Ellaganos when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Darkness property monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Unicorn when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 4 seconds after using SP potions
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Chapparition using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Insect-type Monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Chafer skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% of recovering 10% SP after defeating Ice property monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Carapace skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] Block Penetration +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Kirmeleech skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Boss-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Tomblord when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% of recovering 10% SP after defeating Lightning property monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Harpeia when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Poison property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Small-type monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Honeypin skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Helgasercle when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum SP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*15]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Specter of Deceit when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% additional damage against Stationary-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Corrupted when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Holy property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Sparnasman when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% SP when hit by Medium-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Cerberus when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Accuracy +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Naktis when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 5% chance of being resurrected with [{img star_mark 20 20}]% HP when becoming incapable of combat
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Dullahan when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Blind] State Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Riteris when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Nuaele when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] HP Potion Effects +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Neop skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Blut when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Resist +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Basilisk skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum Sub Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Plokste skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% SP when hit by Small-type monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Velnewt skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Earth property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Velpede skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] -[Number of Cards] seconds to SP recovery duration
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Pyroego when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Lightning property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Lithorex when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Missile Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Nuodai when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] AoE Ratio +[Number of Cards]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Centaurus when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 10 seconds after using HP potions
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Progola when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Holy property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Marionette when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% SP when hit by Large-sized monsters
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Canceril skill when using Poison Pot
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Master Genie when using Summoning. (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Ice property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Large-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Merregina when using Summoning (Unable to move)
[Card Equip Effect] [Number of Cards]% chance of inducing [Silence] for 4 seconds when attacking with missile attacks
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Templeshooter when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Fire Property attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Fire Lord when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] [Maximum{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% SP when hit by Boss-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Deathweaver when using Summoning
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance to increase Dark property Attack by +[{img star_mark 20 20}] for 7 seconds when attacking Boss-type monsters
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Flammidus when using Summoning
Ripped Piece of Paper
Piece of paper, purpose unknown. Strange lines can be seen.
Shining Lv9 Gem Abrasive
Shining Lv10 Gem Abrasive
Absidium Ore
The ore used to be misidentified as iron but it was later discovered that it possesses a slightly different property. It is now used in a special way.
Shining Penguin Egg
The sequel to the Encyclopedia of Masters written by the Sage Master. Right-click to read.
A journal recorded by Itebaras. It records the inscriptions on the tombstones at the Namu Temple Ruins.
A candy only available during the Halloween season/ When used increases all stats by 5. Right-click to use. (Removed From the Game in December 15th)
The cube shaped like a Jack-O-Lantern. Right-click to obtain its content. (Removed From the Game in December 15th)
Popolion Doll Raffle Ticket
Straight A's Taffy
In some places, sticky taffy is offered to students as a wish to do well in their exams. Increases EXP gains by 30% for 30 minutes. Right-click to use.
Straight A's Vitamins
Revitalize your body and mind after a stressful exam period. Recovers 600 HP and 200 SP every 10 seconds for 30 minutes. Right-click to use.
Straight A's Chocolate
A sweet treat to stimulate brain activity. Increases movement speed by 2 for 30 minutes. Right-click to use.
Token of the Demon Treaty
A token made as a proof of the treaty made between the demons and Goddess.
Token of the Goddess' Treaty
A token made to signify the treaty between the demons and Goddess.
Treaty Slate
A stone slate containing the terms of the treaty. Can only be read with the Tokens of the Treaty.
Mihail's Review
A review by Revelator Mihail, can be obtained as a part of a collection.
Ring's Inscription
The note that has the inscription of the ring that a wandering soul on Letas Stream was obessessing over.  Can be added to your collection.
Hidden Silver Bar
The silver bar hidden by the prisoners in Ashaq Underground Prison. Can ben added to your collection.
Temporary Nobreer Cure
A cure for Nobreer pandemic. Not perfected yet.
Jugrinas' Testing Solution
A solution made to test whether the element causing the Nobreer epidemic is airborne.
Epidemic Detector
A magic stone that detects the energy of Nobreer Pandemic.
Sample Collecting Tools
A tool to extract plant samples.
Plant Sample from Nobreer Forest
A plant sample from the Nobreer Forest
Jugrinas' Special Solution
Able to prevent monster's cells from hardening.
Sample Container
The bottle to contain the monster sample.
Demonic Plague Core
The core of the demonic plague.
A prophecy left by Goddess Laima. A clue on the location of the treaty in the Yudejan Forest but can only be read via the Power of Fate.
Impure Blood of Yudejan
The blood filled with the impurity from the monsters in the Yudejan Forest.
Goddess' Stone of Faith
A mystical stone that allows you to read the hidden writings on the Seal Tombstone.
The Key of the Treaty
A key to open the lock in the Yudejan Forest.
Potato Bread
A potato bread handed to you by a Klaipedan girl. It is said to be made from potatoes but its hardness makes it rather not enticing at all. Unless there are some fond memories of someone related to it.
Stationery Bag
A bag that contain stationery items that Wilhelmina Carriot gave you to write down certain things about the Fortress of the Land.
Stuffed Bag
Arghidas of Amanda Grave Robbers who is deep undercover and infiltrated the Dico gang has sent a comrade to deliver the goods to Wilhelmina Carriot. However, the comrades have not returned and now Arghidas wants you to deliver it to Wilhelmina Carriot.
Rose's Letter
A letter written by the Rose siblings to the people of Knidos Jungle.
Anne's Letter
A letter written by Anne to Rose.
Sword Pell Fragment
A piece of Sword Pell. The Highlander Submaster will be livid. Begging and crying for her forgiveness might not be enough.
Sword Pell Toolbox
A toolbox containing tools to make a sword pell.
Woodin's Sturdy Tree
Woodin's Sturdy Tree. Perfect for making a sword pell.
Completeted Sword Pell
Completed Sword Pell.
A stone to be erected to remember those who perished in the demon attack on the Novaha Monastery.
Pierneef's Report
Agent Pierneef's Report
Ritual Device
Looks like some sort of a ritual device. Perhaps the head of Bellai Forest Village might know something about it.
Ritual Device Used in Bellai Forestr Village
A note found on the Knidos Jungle. Readable.
Shinobi's Second Note
A note found on the Bellai Rainforest. Readable.
Shinobi's Third Note
A note found on the Forest of Prayer. Readable.
Shinobi's Fourth Note
A note found on the Dingofasil District. Readable.
The Toolbox for Sculptor Tesla
Inscription Writing Bag
Cooking Utensil Bag
An ingredient for the food for the companion.
Raffly Leaf
Ellogua Flower Wine
Special Treat
Special treat for your special companion.
Badge
Someone's badge. Go to the Pelke Shrine Ruins and find the owner.
Friendship Badge
A badge made by the elder's granddaughter for her friends.
On the ring it says "May Dominic and I live together happily ever after."
A note by a prisoner in Ashaq Underground Prison. Readable.
The First Battle for the Throne - Volume 1
A book on the First Shinobi Master. Readable.
Sentry Bailey Note
A note containing precautions about the Sentry Bailey. Readable.
Drill Ground of Confliction Note
A note containing precautions about the Drill Ground of Confliction. Readable.
Living Quarters Note
A note containing precautions about the Living Quarters. Readable.
Note on the Storage Quarter
A note containing info on the Storage Quarter. Readable.
Fortress Battlegrounds Note
The note detailing cautions on the Fortress Battlegrounds. Readable.
Shinobi's Summon Scroll
A summon scroll given by the Shinobi Master. It summons a good-smelling dog.
Reagent
A special reagent only usable by a shinobi.
Margiris' Ledger
Margiris' Ledger. A book that lists actitivities of the Order of the Tree of Truth on the Carlyle's Mausoleum.
Sage Master's Letter
Sage Master
A letter sent to the Fencer Master for the book. It details the contents about the Fencer Master and an inquiry to confirm.
A letter sent to the Necromancer Master for the book. It details the contents about the Necromancer Master and an inquiry to confirm.
Druid Master's Reply
A reply to the Sage Master written by the Druid Master. It features the Druid Master's life story from the childhood to the masterhood.
Fencer Master's Reply
A reply written by the Fencer Master. It features the connection between the Fencer Masterhood and her family and why the role came to her after Medzio Diena.
Necromancer Master's Reply
A reply written by the Necromancer Master. It features the story behind her way to the masterhood and her achievements.
Hutton's Swordsmanship Textbook
A book heavily weathered and damaged. Only the letters on its cover are  barely legible. Take this to the Fencer Master.
Linker Master's Magic Crystal
The crystal given to you by the Linker Master for the investigation. The Master requested you to defeat Gazing Golem.
Gazing Golem Fragment
A small fragment fallen out of Gazing Golem. What was the Linker Master investigating?
Gazing Golem Magic Core
The Magic Core of Gazing Golem, it gives an impression of gazing into my soul.
Link Tracking Device
A device made by the Linker Master to track the demons linked to Gazing Golem. It is said that when it is installed, the identity of the one who has sent Gazing Golem. Set this up on the spot told by the Linker Master without getting detected by Gazing Golem.
Camouflage Crystal
A magic stone devised by the Linker Master. It disrupts Gazing Golem's perception and render you invisible to it. Caution: Getting too close to the target will get you detected.
Gina Greene's Certificate
A certificate written by Druid Master Gina Greene. It says that
Herbalist Calsis
or his family can be paid the amount written by Gina Greene from the Kedora Alliance or the Pardoner Master.
Herbalist Calsis' diary. In it, he wrote about his trip to Dadan Jungle and about his daughter.
Arzeli
These flowers go by the name of Arzeli. They are very expensive and are said to relieve the symptoms of any disease.
The powder given by Baron Muchausen. He claimed it has the exorcising effect. Does it though?
Suspicious Crystal Pouch
A bag containing a crystal made and given by Baron Muchausen. He did say it drives out monsters. Does it? I mean, really, I have my doubts.
Nheto Forest Leaves
The dried leaves requested by Baron Muchausen. The leaves in the forest are always dried up nowadays.
The reagent made by Baron Muchausen. Mixed with dried leaves and Goddess knows what. Will it work?
Anti-ghost Crystal
The crystal the Baron Munchause gave you. He said it drives ghosts away. Like always, it is a rather odd and peculiar object.
Asymmetric Long Cut
Swordsman Christmas Costume (Male)
Swordsman Christmas Costume (Female)
Wizard Christmas Costume (Male)
Wizard Christmas Costume (Female)
Archer Christmas Costume (Male)
Archer Christmas Costume (Female)
Cleric Christmas Costume (Male)
Cleric Christmas Costume (Female)
Drum Hat
A memorial to the child soldiers who lost their lives near the Ayer Lake during the last battle of the war period that would later give origin to the Kingdom. According to records, these soldiers would charge in first, pounding on small drums.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Soldier Hat
A hat worn by royal guards during the foundation of the Kingdom. After Sawsel's reign, it came to be worn only during the Winter Festival.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Strawberry Moon Pie
Don't eat it, wear it!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Bunny Cupcake
It's a cupcake. It's a bunny. Thought you might find it funny.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Black Crown
With the law put forward by King Malkiel, regular people became able to wear crown accessories too, as long as they didn't look too similar to the official royal crown.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
White Crown
Try wearing this crown and playing king, it could be fun.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Rudolph Antler Hat
Notice the red, flat part of this hat. That's its main feature.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Bell Ornament Winter Hat
Believe it or not, this hat is made of many different materials: leather, fur, and a variety of cloth textures.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Rudolph Headband
If you don't mind people thinking you had one glass too many, you can wear this headband on your face and pretend you have a big red nose.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Christmas Tree Snowglobe
Contrary to what it may seem, this hat is not made of glass. So what is the clear material around the globe? Guess.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Rudolph Hat
What? This isn't the Rudolph you were expecting? Too bad.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Christmas Cone Hat
Is this hat white with red stripes, or red with white stripes? In reality, both stripe colors were added to this hat in the same amount!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Hot Pack
Snow Spray
Foldable Stool
Increases your character's class level of rank 6 to level 15. Can only be used during rank 6. Right-click to use.
Rank 9 Card
Title - The Gifted Artist
An item that will award you with the Gifted Artist title. Right-click to use and obtain the title.
Title - Tough Luck
Right-click to use and obtain the "Tough Luck" title.
Title - Lucky One
Right-click to use and obtain the "Lucky One" title.
Title - Golden Luck
Right-click to use and obtain the "Golden Luck" title.
Title - Eternal Fortune
Right-click to use and obtain the "Eternal Fortune" title.
Fortune Cookie
Use to obtain 30 minutes of +30% EXP gain and +1 movement speed. You can stack the effects of up to 5 Fortune Cookies.
Old Enhancement Card
A card used to enhance another card. Increases a card's EXP by 1000.
Goddess' Blessed Cube (14 Days)
Instanced Dungeon Multiply Token (14 Days)
Emote Plus: Popolion
Can only be used by the purchasing character. Cannot be traded or moved via Team Storage. Applies the chat emoticons below. Right-click to use.{nl}{img emoticon_0024 50 50}{img emoticon_0025 50 50}{img emoticon_0026 50 50}{img emoticon_0027 50 50}{img emoticon_0028 50 50}{img emoticon_0029 50 50}{img emoticon_0030 50 50}{img emoticon_0031 50 50}{img emoticon_0032 50 50}{img emoticon_0033 50 50}{img emoticon_0034 50 50}{img emoticon_0035 50 50}{img emoticon_0036 50 50}{img emoticon_0037 50 50}{img emoticon_0038 50 50}{img emoticon_0039 50 50}{img emoticon_0040 50 50}{img emoticon_0041 50 50}{img emoticon_0042 50 50}{img emoticon_0043 50 50}{img emoticon_0044 50 50}{img emoticon_0045 50 50}{img emoticon_0046 50 50}
A hair accessory matching the Smart Casual costumes. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Black Leather Brimmed Hat
High Brim Teal Hat
High Brim Orange Hat
Black Western Hat
Pink Western Hat
Smart Short Brim Hat
Smart Outdoors Hat
Prison Cube
Pink Rooster Headband
Hanbok Costume (Male)
A garment worn in traditional ceremonies.
Hanbok Costume (Female)
A garment worn in traditional ceremonies.
Rooster Hair Accessory
A rooster for your head. It looks a little heavy.{nl}Right-click to use.
Hen Hair Accessory
A hen for your head. It looks a little heavy.{nl}Right-click to use.
Rice Cake Soup
Eating a bowl of this soup is said to make you one year older.{nl}Use in a party to increase the EXP gains of all party members by 15% for 30 minutes.
Special Rice Cake Soup
Eating a bowl of this soup is said to make you one year older.{nl}Use in a party to increase +4 movement speed, +1 AoE attack ratio and +25% EXP gains of all party members for 30 minutes.{nl}Does not stack with Honey Dumplings.
Title - Passionate Artist
Right-click to obtain the title of "Passionate Artist".
Goddess Sculpture (14 Days)
Only one of these sculptures can be set at a time.
Valentine Chocolates
Bring these chocolates to the Girl in Love.{nl}This item will be deleted on March 7, 2017.
Cocoa Powder
A heap of aromatic cocoa powder.{nl}Use it with the other ingredients to make Valentine Chocolates.{nl}This item will be deleted on March 7, 2017.
Whipping Cream
Rich whipping cream for all your dessert-making needs.{nl}Use it with the other ingredients to make Valentine Chocolates.{nl}This item will be deleted on March 7, 2017.
Refined Sugar
You can't make sweets without sugar!{nl}Use it with the other ingredients to make Valentine Chocolates.{nl}This item will be deleted on March 7, 2017.
Chocolate Mold
Your chocolates will come out nice and pretty with this mold.{nl}Use it with the other ingredients to make Valentine Chocolates.{nl}This item will be deleted on March 7, 2017.
Gift Cube
A cube received as a reward for giving the Girl in Love some Valentine Chocolates. Right-click to use.
Chocolate Cube No. 1
Chocolate Cube No. 2
Chocolate Cube No. 3
Chocolate Cube No. 4
Chocolate Cube No. 5
Chocolate Cube No. 6
Chocolate Cube No. 7
Chocolate Cube No. 8
Chocolate Cube No. 9
Chocolate Cube No. 10
Guild Battle 1st Place Armband
An honorable armband awarded to members of the guild that achieves 1st Place in the Regional Guild Battles.
Guild Battle 2nd Place Armband
An honorable armband awarded to members of the guild that achieves 2nd Place in the Regional Guild Battles.
Guild Battle 3rd Place Armband
An honorable armband awarded to members of the guild that achieves 3rd Place in the Regional Guild Battles.
Potion of the Victor
Right-click to use. Cooldown time 1800 seconds.
Random Number Scroll
Right-click to use and obtain a number between 1 and 10.
A type of food giving off a foul smell. Not many people would be able to stomach it. Eating it will recover 5000 HP but make you unable to move for 3 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes.
Increases +76 physical attack and +70 magic attack for 3 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown time 120 seconds.
Increases EXP gains, movement speed and maximum HP according to number of stacks for 30 minutes. Maximum 5 stacks.
Valentine Chocolates
Increases EXP gains and movement speed with each stack. Maximum of 5 stacks.
Title - Life is Sweet
Right-click to open and obtain the 'Life is Sweet' title.
Title - Diet Starts Tomorrow
Right-click to open and obtain the 'Diet Starts Tomorrow' title.
Title - Chocolate Meister
Right-click to open and obtain the 'Chocolate Lover' title.
Title - High Glucose
Right-click to open and obtain the 'High Glucose' title.
Title - Chocoholic
Right-click to open and obtain the 'Chocoholic' title.
Right-click to use. Cooldown time 21600 seconds.
LV1 Companion EXP Card
Increases by +3,500 the EXP of the companion currently following your character.
LV2 Companion EXP Card
Increases by +28,000 the EXP of the companion currently following your character.
LV3 Companion EXP Card
Increases by +84,000 the EXP of the companion currently following your character.
LV4 Companion EXP Card
Increases by +280,000 the EXP of the companion currently following your character.
LV5 Companion EXP Card
Increases by +630,000 the EXP of the companion currently following your character.
LV6 Companion EXP Card
Increases by +1,330,000 the EXP of the companion currently following your character.
High-grade Meat
Regular Meat
Increases +100 attack, +80 attack speed and +5 movement speed for 60 minute. Right-click to use.{nl}Cooldown of 21600 seconds.
Increases +100 attack, +80 attack speed and +5 movement speed for 60 minute. Right-click to use.{nl}Cooldown of 21600 seconds.
Increases +100 attack, +80 attack speed and +5 movement speed for 60 minutes.{nl}Right-click to use.{nl}Cooldown time 360 minutes.{nl}(Buff effects will be cancelled by moving to another map.)
Sugar Necklace(3 Days)
Candy Hunt Participant You could receive Set Item effect by wearing both Sugar Bracelet and Sugar Band.
Sugar Bracelet(3 Days)
Candy Hunt Participant You could receive Set Item effect by wearing both Sugar Necklace and Sugar Band.
Sugar Band(3 Days)
Candy Hunt Participant You could receive Set Item effect by wearing both Sugar Necklace and Sugar Bracelet.
Grey Cat Ears
Orange Cat Ears
White Cat Ears
Grey Rabbit Ears
White Rabbit Ears
Orange Rabbit Ears
[GM] Red Orb
Summons a monster. The summoned monster will remain active for 600 seconds. Right-click to use.
[Event] Deathweaver Equipment Package
Use to receive Deathweaver weapons and Cafrisun armor items with a 14-day limit.
Miracle Seeds
Use to grow the goddess' miracle sprout.
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Lv15 Basic Condensed HP Potion
Lv15 Basic Condensed SP Potion
Savior's Weapon Chest
A chest with weapons containing the blessing of Goddess Laima.
Savior's Armor Chest
A chest with weapons containing the blessing of Goddess Laima.
Savior's Begginer Armor Chest
Laima's Gift Chest
A chest with gifts from Goddess Laima.
Laima's Treasure Chest
A chest containing the treasures of Goddess Laima.
Earth Tower One Entry Voucher (5 Days)
One entry added to today's Earth Tower entry limit.
Saalus Mission One Entry Voucher (5 Days)
One entry added to today's Saalus Convent Mission entry limit.
Install Goddess' Statue which provides Goddess's Blessing for five minutes.
Candy Basket
Candy Hunt Event Item
Increase +100 Physical, Magic Attack for five minute.{nl}with Soda, Tutti Frutti, Lemon Candies could craft Candy Basket
Increase +100 Physical, Magic Defense for five minute.{nl}with Strawberry, Tutti Frutti, Lemon Candies could craft Candy Basket
Tutti Frutti Candy
Restore 500 HP and SP every two seconds for total 15 seconds top.{nl}with Strawberry, Soda, Lemon Candies could craft Candy Basket
Increase +3 Movement Speed for five minute.{nl}with Strawberry, Soda, Tutti Frutti Candies could craft Candy Basket
Cookie House Cube
Candy Hunt Event Item.{nl}"I have a good feeling about this."
Picnic Hat
The weather is so nice, how about a picnic?{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Orange Candy
An orange-flavored chocolate candy worn as hair accessory.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Heart Crown Cake
A cake shaped like a crown. Notice the cute heart on top.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Pink Heart Hair Accessory
A hair accessory featuring pink heart and a lovely ribbon.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Pink Candy
Choux pastry cream topped with pink candy. Yes, it's a hair accessory.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Sweet Biscuit
Choux pastry cream topped with sweet biscuit. Yes, it's a hair accessory.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Strawberry Cake
Sweet strawberry cake served in a glass. Careful not to spill it!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Heart Candy
Nothing is sweeter or lovelier than heart-shaped candy.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Natural Ponytail
Fyringy
This weapon mimics the aesthetics of a sword said to have been used by a well-known figure. The blade is made to wound the enemy, while the back protects against the attacks from the opponent's sword.
Harvester
This sword may look bulky, but don't confuse it for a jungle knife; it's a lot more nimble than it looks and its easy grip is loved by swordsmen everywhere.
Sketis Sword
The first record of umbrellas comes from the era of King Rowmel. Like an umbrella will protect you from the rain, so will this weapon protect you from danger.
Pajoritas Sword
The highly ergonomic design of this sword will make it feel like an extension of your arm.
Paulownia
A dagger said to have been favored by swordsmen in the Northern regions. Outstanding performance both as a weapon and a work of art.
Crystaras
Production of this two-handed sword, of which the bright blue material of the blade has always been unknown, is now said to be possible.
Sketis Two-Handed Sword
The reason why there are no records of umbrellas from the foundatin of the Kingdom is because they didn't find popular use until more people began living in cities. Before this time, country folk either worked under the rain or made use of cloaks to stay dry.
Pajoritas Two-Handed Sword
Recommended by merchants as the best combat weapon for two-handed sword users.
Baule Sphere
Some magicians create Baule Spheres by combining a crystal ball with a well-crafted short rod that allows it to display its full magic potential.
Pamane Rod
Originally used by Bokors and other curse practitioners, with the addition of magic properties this rod has become a tool for magic.
Sketis Rod
The original design of Sketis equipment is said to have originated during the reign of King Themomel.ome historians believe the name comes from the sense of protection evoked by umbrellas.
Pajoritas Rod
The carved inscription reads, "The path of the pilgrim is not one of strength, but one of spirit."
Even Eye
The performance of this bow is said to have been increased by the Devil's Ore stones that adorn it. From the reviews of those who have used it, however, it seems that was only a rumor.
Devini Bow
The polished wood of the grip and limbs, combined with the magic properties of the two crystal spheres, give this bow enough of a boost to stand out from similarly-ranked bows.
Sketis Bow
In the beginning, this weapon was known as the umbrella that would protect the Kingdom from rainy days.
Pajoritas Bow
This bow was not made for hunting. If you hunt an animal with this bow, do not eat it.
Star Shooter
The added star ornaments on the stirrup allow for a more precise aim with this crossbow.
Chrisius Shooter
With a body of consecrated wood and adorned with blessed gems, this crossbow was created to magnify its the weapon's potential to the fullest.
Sketis Crossbow
 - Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
In the beginning, this weapon was known as the umbrella that would protect the Kingdom from rainy days.
Pajoritas Crossbow
Although not a weapon of choice of the royal army, it was fairly well used by soldiers guarding the Kingdom's roads.
Krendall Mace
Despite appearing heavy, this mace is made from a light ore that allows for easy handling regardless of muscular strength.
Reine Mace
This mace was created by the kingdom's finest blacksmiths and craftsmen, and displays unparalleled grace and performance in combat.
Sketis Mace
The first Sketis Maces were mostly used by Priests. They were said to include the inscription, "Under the sun, under the rain, the goddesses we serve."
Pajoritas Mace
Unlike other Pajoritas equipment, this mace is said to have originated after Medzio Diena.
Spike Kindl
A type of shield made from animal bones and hides.
Rodeleine Shield
A shield made to the image of a coat of arms used in the southern region of the kingdom. Its biggest advantage is the durability offered by the iron plate base and leather cover.
Sketis Shield
Please keep a safe distance from your enemies. Alternatively, use this shield.
Pajoritas Shield
The maker hid a funny inscription in this shield: "Note - not a sled."
Fluke Spear
The thin blade of this spear is designed like an asymetric spatula to deliver sharp blows to the enemy.
Golden Spear
It may be called Golden due to its color, but the base material it is made of is far more resistant than gold. Any good blacksmith will be able to tell the difference.
Sketis Spear
Feeling unsatisfied with your weapon? Try the Sketis Spear and feel the difference!
Pajoritas Spear
Many fearless adventurers left with this spear to battle the most fierce and powerful monsters. It is unknown whether they succeeded.
Benesda
A variation of the Halberd, this spear's blade is mostly decorative, being better suited for piercing attacks rather than slashing ones.
Reine Pike
This pike features a special ergonomic design intended for securing a firm grip and maximum convenience in battle.
Sketis Pike
The Sketis Pike will never hurt you. Your enemies, on the other hand...
Pajoritas Pike
In the past, the use of this pike was forbidden in jousts.
Short Duelist
Unlike most daggers, this one features a double blade with a gap in between that makes it apt for both piercing and slashing. The irregular shape of the blades also creates wounds that are more difficult to heal.
Small Crystaras
A dagger possessing a similar look to the Crystaras. Its bright blue blade is made of an unknown mineral.
Sketis Dagger
Use it wisely to surprise your enemies.
Pajoritas Dagger
Be careful of the spirit imbued in this weapon. It might harm you.
Black market dealers are known to be good at making weapons like these, especially when it comes to the Black Staff.
Ellinis
The making of this staff is rather simple, consisting of a plain wooden body and a magic amplifying crystal. Its power, however, is out of the ordinary.
Tiesa Staff
This weapon is said to have been inspired by an old relic, the cane used by a saint who captured an ancient demon goddess.
Sketis Staff
Conceptually, the umbrella conveys an image of protection like a shield, at the same time possessing a pointed end evoking a sense of attack. For the makers of Sketis equipment, this is quite an interesting concept to work with.
Pajoritas Staff
The inscription in this staff reads, "For best portability, try the Pajoritas Rod."
Alcris
Portable and convenient, but deals sure damage to any foe.
Pajoritas Pistol
The inscription in this pistol reads, "Please don't blow on the muzzle after firing this pistol."
Red Karuna
An elegant piece of equipment used in knight ceremonies during the kingdom's period of prosperity.
Pajoritas Rapier
The inscription reads, "Approved by Alfred Hutton." Unfortunately, it is impossible to determine the validity of that statement.
Pajoritas Cannon
Don't judge a weapon by its weight. This cannon will be your best friend.
Pajoritas Musket
Originally, this musket wasn't related to other Pajoritas equipment, until it was given the Pajoritas name by an unknown maker. It has since been further developed, confirming that the Pajoritas name did have a positive influence on its design and performance.
Alpra Robe
Once used as an alliance uniform in days of economic prosperity, today it is worn for slightly  different purposes.
Eastern Leather Armor
A garment said to have originated from the East. Despite being made of leather, it is still a fairly breathable piece.
Pangle Plate Armor
As a piece of equipment made from layers of iron plate, it was initially specialized to resist arrow attacks. These days, however, it has evolved to protect against all types of attacks equally.
War Mage Robe
A uniform worn by the kingdom's wizard combatants. Being able to wear this piece was considered a big honor in those days.
Eaglestar Leather Armor
A uniform worn by the kingdom's rangers. In those days, rangers were treated with the same reverence as knights.
Nyx Knight Armor
The official uniform of the kingdom's knight order.
Marone Robe
Marone equipment originated from a religious order. In year 215 of the Kingdom, clerics began to divide into different orders, each developing their own style of equipment. Over time, these religious equipment items became more often used by those not related to an order.
Prakeh Robe
Prakeh equipment remains as a heritage from the era of King Chaspael. The lack of beauty in each item reflects the hardship of living in those times.
Razna Leather Armor
Razna equipment is named after a species of monster currently extinct. According to legends, the last few were isolated in a special location, as they were considered dangerous by demons and goddesses alike. The association between this monster and the equipment it's named after remains a mystery.
Keyarc Leather Armor
Keyarc equipment was once once amongst the most popular items made by the Kedora Alliance. After Medzio Diena, the Alliance is once again selling this equipment, although it is unsure how much profit it can yield given that they are now being produced by other organizations as well.
Barghar Plate Armor
Barghar equipment was born of an attempt to reproduce Ruklys' legendary magic resistance equipment. It may not be as effective as Ruklys', but it is fairly useful nonetheless.
Suurit Plate Armor
The first person to ever wear this equipment was Geoffrey Parecius, grandfather of current Lancer Master Noer Parecius. He is said to have been close to the Black family, possessing a strong interest in equipment making himself as well.
Alpra Pants
Eastern Leather Pants
Pangle Plate Leggings
War Mage Pants
Eaglestar Leather Pants
Nyx Knight Pants
Marone Pants
Marone equipment originated from a religious order. In year 215 of the Kingdom, clerics began to divide into different orders, each developing their own style of equipment. Over time, these religious equipment items became more often used by those not related to an order.
Prakeh Pants
Razna Leather Pants
Keyarc Leather Pants
Barghar Plate Pants
Suurit Plate Pants
Alpra Boots
Eastern Leather Boots
Pangle Plate Greaves
War Mage Boots
Eaglestar Leather Boots
Nyx Knight Greaves
Marone Boots
Marone equipment originated from a religious order. In year 215 of the Kingdom, clerics began to divide into different orders, each developing their own style of equipment. Over time, these religious equipment items became more often used by those not related to an order.
Prakeh Boots
Razna Leather Boots
Keyarc Leather Boots
Barghar Plate Boots
Suurit Plate Boots
Alpra Gloves
Eastern Leather Gloves
Pangle Plate Gloves
War Mage Gloves
Eaglestar Leather Gloves
Nyx Knight Gloves
Marone Gloves
Marone equipment originated from a religious order. In year 215 of the Kingdom, clerics began to divide into different orders, each developing their own style of equipment. Over time, these religious equipment items became more often used by those not related to an order.
Prakeh Gloves
Razna Leather Gloves
Keyarc Leather Gloves
Barghar Plate Gauntlets
Suurit Plate Gauntlets
Forgery_Ring
Made from the experiments of ancient Pyromancers, it enhances the effects of Fire magic.{nl}- Cannot be transcended.
Kietas Necklace
A necklace for those who care about speed and strength, and nothing else. "Obstinate" is a good word to describe the type of people who may enjoy this piece of equipment.
Pejnus Necklace
The wizard who created this necklace is said to have had a hard time accepting compromises in life. This necklace itself was not exactly what they intended, either.
Nelajmes Necklace
The creator of this necklace clearly valued function over form.
Rupesciu Necklace
A necklace created to counterbalance the disadvantages of the Pejnus Necklace.
Forgery_Neck
Smurto Bracelet
The intense power of this bracelet is felt even before you wear it. Your enemies will feel it too as you attack.
Ismintis Bracelet
Contrary to what rumors say, wearing this bracelet will not make you wiser. If you're a magic user and the wisdom you're looking for is attack power, that's a different story then.
Stipiria Bracelet
Hit ten times strong, and it's okay to miss once. That's what brave general Donahue thought.
Svenus Bracelet
Designs like the one of this bracelet were popular around the time of the millenary. It was worn by gentlemen to attend banquets, although nowadays it is mostly a tradition among magic users.
Feather Helmet
A memorial to the child soldiers who lost their lives near the Ayer Lake during the last battle of the war period that would later give origin to the Kingdom. According to records, these soldiers would charge in first, pounding on small drums.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Popolion Doll [Event]
Snow Spray (30 Days)
Deathweaver Cutter (14 Days)
Deathweaver Tooth (14 Days)
Deathweaver Rod (14 Days)
Deathweaver Bow (14 Days)
Deathweaver Crossbow (14 Days)
Deathweaver Club (14 Days)
Cafrisun Gloves (14 Days)
Cafrisun Boots (14 Days)
Cafrisun Pants (14 Days)
Cafrisun Armor (14 Days)
Badelaire [Event]
May this dagger stand between you and your opponents.
Katzbalger [Event]
A weapon this practical is bound to be mass-produced.
Alter Rod [Event]
This rod is a perfect example of simplicity in design. That doesn't mean its power is any weaker, however.
Siege Bow [Event]
This weapon manages to ease up the action of shooting with a two-handed bow without losing much of its power.
Fedimian Turret [Event]
The modified version of the Fedimian Turret is said to be a fairly recent innovation.
Fedimian Club [Event]
The same name applies to this club even when it isn't made in Fedimian.
Alchupiz [Event]
The Alchupiz is a weapon that changes according to the wishes of the people.
Royal Partisan [Event]
After Partisan-style spears became popular, they started to be produced for the aristocracy, including this modified version.
Drake Staff [Event]
Some people have trouble telling the top of this staff from its bottom.
Rapier [Event]
A simple piece of equipment to help you in combat.
Leather Armor [Event]
The history of weapons isn't made solely from war or the tastes of the aristocracy. The merchants in Fedimian, for example, have created various types of equipment and handicrafts over time. This, of course, happened with the help from the goddesses, who work to advance our civilization.
Leather Pants [Event]
Leather Boots [Event]
Leather Gloves [Event]
Brigandine Armor [Event]
Who knew the Minivern's defense could be this useful.
Brigandine Pants [Event]
A piece of armor that holds well over time and can used in different ways by those with the right know-how.
Brigandine Boots [Event]
If you wear them, you can see how little noise they make.
Brigandine Gloves [Event]
Favored by those looking to achieve swift, precise movements.
[Kupole] Badelaire
[Kupole] Katzbalger
Originally, the practical weapons were manufactured in the form of entry-level weapons.
[Kupole] Alter Rod
[Kupole] Siege Bow
[Kupole] Fedimian Turret
[Kupole] Fedimian Club
[Kupole] Alchupiz
[Kupole] Royal Partisan
[Kupole] Drake Staff
Sometimes, there's a person who doesn't know what is the top of the cane.
[Kupole] Rapier
[Kupole] Leather Armor
[Kupole] Leather Pants
[Kupole] Leather Boots
[Kupole] Leather Gloves
Available to use upon reaching a certain level. The rewards inside the chest vary depending on how many Level Up Chests you have already opened. Right-click to open.
First Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from the Bokor Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Fasika Plateau, Galeed Plateau. Right-click to open.
Second Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from Merrisa. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Manahas, Genar Field. Right-click to open.
Third Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from Priest Daram. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Grand Corridor, Main Chamber. Right-click to open.
Fourth Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from the Hackapell Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Istora Ruins, Namu Temple Ruins. Right-click to open.
Fifth Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from the Warlock Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Mokusul Chamber, Underground Grave of Ritinis. Right-click to open.
Sixth Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from Lucienne Winterspoon. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Nahash Forest, Vera Coast. Right-click to open.
Seventh Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from Villager Duncan. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Elgos Monastery Annex, Elgos Monastery Main Building. Right-click to open.
Eighth Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from Gatre. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Barha Forest, Alemeth Forest. Right-click to open.
Ninth Collexia Cube
A cube obtained from Soldier Heulen. It contains an item from the following collection: Ibre Plateau. Right-click to open.
Enhancement Card:500
A card used to enhance a card. Increases a card's EXP by 500.
Magnifying Glass
The less-advanced techniques used to produce magnifying glasses mean that they often have low durability. Multiple magnifying glasses may be required to identify a single item.
Chromite
A sturdy ore material, often used to make the body of various types of equipment.
Rocksodon Box
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without a riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the character's physical attack and maximum HP.
A book with Eitbaras's records. It is a compilation of the tombstone inscriptions found at the Namu Temple Ruins. Right-click to read.
Demetrius' research records. Right-click to read.
A collection of torn diary pages found in Andale Village. Right-click to read.
A king-size dumpling made of several ingredients. It smells sweet and looks absolutely delicious. {nl} Grants your party members +4 movement speed, +1 AoE attack ratio and +25% EXP gains.
Consumes all your remaining instanced dungeon daily entries, while multiplying the amount of items and EXP obtained in a single run by that number of entries.
Fire Cracker
Use this fire cracker to celebrate a happy occasion or congratulate a friend.
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Cardboard Box (30 Days)
Hethran Badge Lv1
Can be used from Lv 260 and above.{nl}The Hethran Badge takes its name from the former head of the Kedora Alliance. Despite no longer being used within the Alliance itself, it is still regarded by some as a symbol of exclusivity and stability.
Hethran Badge Lv2
Can be used from Lv 300 and above.{nl}The Hethran Badge takes its name from the former head of the Kedora Alliance. Despite no longer being used within the Alliance itself, it is still regarded by some as a symbol of exclusivity and stability.
Hethran Badge Lv3
The Hethran Badge takes its name from the former head of the Kedora Alliance. Despite no longer being used within the Alliance itself, it is still regarded by some as a symbol of exclusivity and stability.
Velghehunt Lv1
Velghehunt is a material fabricated by imbuing magic into sapphires via alchemy. Using any method other than the Winterspoon's to create it will not produce the characteristic star shape.
Sadiefi Crystal Lv1
Until the first few eras after the birth of the Kingdom, Sadiefi Crystals were found exclusively in some locations of the Crystal Mine. Nowadays they have become even rarer and difficult to obtain.
Sadiefi Crystal Lv2
Sadiefi Crystal Lv3
Asaghatel Lv1
All fossil ores, like Asaghatel, are said to contain the memories of the goddesses. That means that if you have no recollection of the goddesses, you will not think of these fossils either.
Etenium Lv1
Legends say Etenium was created when humanity lived underground, under the protection of the goddess. That would mean that the Etenium obtained today was created in prehistoric times.
Etenium Lv2
Etenium Lv3
Ounen Mineral Lv1
Some gems were influenced by Medzio Diena to evolve into different varieties. One of them was the Ounen Mineral, which evolved into the beautiful shape we know today.
Ounen Mineral Lv2
Ounen Mineral Lv3
Pharlam Fragment Lv1
Medzio Diena affected different types minerals in various ways. Pharlam Fragments, which were once smooth, gained a shattered appearance along with magic properties.
Pharlam Fragment Lv2
Pharlam Fragment Lv3
Plafeanpoe Lv1
Ever since Medzio Diena, people have been curious about the uses of the different types of wood it modified. Plafeanpoe is one of them.
Plafeanpoe Lv2
Die Searching Scroll
This scroll is infused with a magic that tells your distance from hidden dice.
Die Mirage Scroll
This scroll shows you a mirage of the die you're looking for, but once you find it, the die loses part of its effects. Can only be used 2 times.
Die Revealing Scroll
This scroll is infused with a magic that reveals hidden dice.
Convent Records
Records stolen from the convent by the demons.
Lake Rafene Claw
A claw obtained by defeating the Rafene in the Lake Mission. The Enchanter Master is looking for it.
A horn obtained by defeating the leader monsters inside the Castle Dungeon.  The Enchanter Master is looking for it.
Fluflu Bomb
No known owner or method of use. It can, however, be used to open locked objects.
Shaman Doll Summoning Scroll
A scroll given by the Chronomancer Master for you to investigate the Martuis Storage Room with.
An old tool of unknown mechanisms sought after by the Enchanter Master.
Cave Sap
A sample of sap obtained from deep-dwelling organisms sought after by the Enchanter Master.
Magic Tracer Map: Salvia Forest
Magic Tracer Map: Salvia Forest
Magic Tracer Map: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 1
Magic Tracer Map: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 1
Louise's Seeds
A bag of seeds given by Louise.
Old Bowl
An old, abandoned bowl. Contains dirty water. Can it even be used for anything?
Rubbing
A piece of paper with a rubbed copy of the writings on the tombstone. Take it to someone knowledgeable who can help you decipher it.
Curse Detector
A special orb given by the Bokor Master to help detect cursed objects.
It may look like a simple piece of mirror, but it contains the energy of a powerful curse.
A piece of paper with a rubbed copy of the runes. It contains a lot of unfamiliar runes.
Dawn Maiden Essence
Essence obtained from Dawn Maiden monsters. As monsters possessing the ability to place frost curses, their essence is equally as gelid.
Fragrant Herbs
These herbs exude a soothing, light fragrance.
Beaj Flower
Bees are said to enjoy the scent of this flower.
Scented Candle
A scented candle made for the bees.
Trumpet
A trumpet borrowed from the Miko Master to appease a divine spirit.
Evil Spirit Detector
A device needed to find the evil spirit hidden in the Mokusul Chamber.
Locked Box
A box found at the Elgos Monastery Annex. From how heavy it is, it seems to be full of valuable objects.
Unlocked Box
A box unlocked by the Corsair Master. Return it to the village residents at the Elgos Monastery Annex.
Experiment Report
A document organized by Gatre containing the notes from Sarma's research.
There seems to be something written in it, but it's hard to tell what it is. Try and collect all the pieces first.
Loose Ledger Pages
After putting together the torn pages, it looks like it's part of a ledger. The name 'Kedora Merchant Alliance' is written on it, so it seems that's the institution it belongs to.
Paper
Part of a torn ledger.
An orb given by Kupole Meile. It can be used to appease those who have been petrified.
Sluckty Grass
A type of grass requested by Lucienne Winterspoon for her research
Studia Grass
Kedora Alliance Detector
Chaplain Master's Letter
A letter written by the Chaplain Master for you to deliver to the Priest Master.
Holy Powder Pouch
A pouch containing a very decent amount of holy powder, provided by the Priest Master.
Carnivore Remains
Remains of Carnivore left on the spot where it was defeated. Why did Lucienne Winterspoon's alchemy experiment fail?
Draining Orb
An orb given by the Warlock Master for you to absorb the evil spirit.
Musical Score
A piece of sheet music given by the Miko Master.
A royal order granted by Princess Gaivile. Something feels strange about the document.
Vaidotas' special chemical that can reveal invisible ink.
Weynd Flowers
A type of flower used to make special chemicals.
Driekple Flowers
A type of flower used to make special chemicals.
Bottle
A bottle made to contain water.
Special Chemical
Vaidota's special chemical.
Copy of Royal Order
A copy of the royal order with hidden writings in invisible ink.
The royal order with the invisible writings erased.
Official Letter of Appointment
An official document to appoint a new Appraiser Master.
Fencer Master's Family Heirloom
Jurus' Accessories
A bag with accessories made by Accessory Merchant Jurus.
Quality Certificate
A certificate verifying the authenticity of the Fencer Master's family heirloom.
A certificate verifying the authenticity of Accessory Merchant Jurus' accessories.
Bellai Forest Healing Herb
First Wand Fragment
The first fragment of wand that seems to be broken in pieces.
Second Wand Fragment
The second fragment of wand that seems to be broken in pieces.
Unstable Wand
A wand restored from broken fragments. Having already been destroyed once, it looks a little unstable.
Roana's Holy Water
Edward's Dagger
A plain dagger. The name 'Edward' is engraved in it.
Edward's Bow
A sturdy-looking bow. The name 'Edward' is engraved in it.
Unknown Flower
An unknown flower growing in the Tamas' habitat.
Edward's Empty Flask
A flask given by Edward for you to collect Cyst fluid.
Flask With Cyst Fluid
A flask filled with Cyst fluid.
Melbania Herb
A herb exuding a delicate fragrance. It smells slightly sweet, too.
Davelae Flower
A flower of intricate tones and a peculiar scent.
Cockat Meat
A large chunk of meat. It looks rather tough.
Potent Fragrance
A fragrance Bastille was carrying. It sure smells potent.
Small Glass Flask
A glass flask given by Hunter Bastille for you to collect honey from the Pendrosiums.
Flask Of Honey
A flask filled with Pendrosium honey.
Blocking Sphere
A sphere made to activate blocking devices.
Loftlem Eye
A bizarrely frightening Loftlem eye. It looks disgusting.
Dead Liverwort Spores
The spores of dead liverwort. They look like they could fly away with the slightest breeze.
Hallucination Stone
A vividly-colored stone able to provoke hallucinations in demons.
Sparkling Stones
Pieces of stone taken from the bodies of Moya monsters. The way they sparkle makes them look like gems at a glance.
Saltisdaughter Crystal Fragment
A crystal fragment from the wand of a Saltisdaughter monster. It possesses a slight glow.
Faded Stone
An old stone with a faded glow. It looks like someone used it to create a magic circle in the Flooded District a long time ago.
Emergency Food Supplies
A bag with emergency food supplies obtained from inside a chest.
Heavy Bag
A heavy bag containing something unknown.
Old Ring
An old, faded ring. It features a small inscription on the inside.
Looks like you got fooled...{nl}Can be used for 7 days after being obtained.
Savior Anvil
April Feather
An April Fools' feather.{nl}Use it to trick your friends and enemies.
Totally Legit Cube
A cube obtained from a little trickster.{nl}It doesn't look "legit" at all.
Special Firecracker (1 Day)
Grants party members +4 movement speed, +1 AoE attack ratio and +25% EXP gains for 30 minutes.{nl}Can only be used on March 28, 2017.
Squire Master Justina Legwyn is extremely talented not only in equipment repair but in production as well. After her designs became popular, she attached her name to them in honor of the Legwyns' fallen family legacy.
Marone equipment originated from a religious order. In year 215 of the Kingdom, clerics began to divide into different orders, each developing their own style of equipment. Over time, these religious equipment items became more often used by those not related to an order.
Receive set item effects by wearing all of the Sugar accessories.
Worspej Necklace
According to the legend, it is possible to place other objects inside the necklace using a special kind of magic. The objects placed inside of it are thought to disappear into the realm of the demons.
Symaere Necklace
After Medzio Diena, species of plants mutated into monsters, and combinations that were previously impossible became viable. For example, the combination of once-inanimate objects and materials obtained from existing monsters resulted in new kinds of equipment, the Symaere Necklace being one of them.
Receive set item effects by wearing all of the Sugar accessories.
Receive set item effects by wearing all of the Sugar accessories.
Worspej Bracelet
Legends say this piece of equipment is made from the same material of the pipes used in demon buildings. Given the environmental differences between their realm and ours, it's hard to tell what conditions their pipes are made to endure. We can merely guess what characteristics this piece of equipment may possess.
Viproti Bracelet
After Medzio Diena, species of plants mutated into monsters, and combinations that were previously impossible became viable. For example, the combination of once-inanimate objects and materials obtained from existing monsters resulted in new kinds of equipment, the Symaere Bracelet being one of them.
Basme Bracelet
The Basme Bracelet is said to originate from the demon realm and have a mind of its own. At any second the teeth that adorn it can come to life and attack its wearer.
Symaere Bracelet
Rumor has it this piece of equipment was designed by Demon King Kartas. It is said that Kartas himself soon forgot about it, but his most ferocious subordinates started to produce it in large quantities until it infiltrated our world.
Varpas Bracelet
This piece of equipment not only has a mind of its own, it is also suspected to manipulate other beings. Its wearer is said to wake up from dreams which they cannot remember, dreams in which they conversate with the accessory.
Verijo Bracelet
Try not to look into the eyes of this piece. Sometimes its eyes will be closed, but when they are open it may look like they are alive.
Equipment for a Highlander Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Skyliner.
Equipment for a Swordsman Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Restrain.
Swordsman Party Outfit (Male)
Swordsman Party Outfit (Female)
Swordsman Simple Color Costume (Male)
Swordsman Simple Color Costume (Female)
Equipment for a Wizard Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Magic Missile.
Pyromancer Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Equipment for a Pyromancer Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Fire Pillar.
Pyromancer Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Wizard Party Outfit (Male)
Wizard Party Outfit (Female)
Wizard Simple Color Costume (Male)
Wizard Simple Color Costume (Female)
Equipment for an Archer Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Multi Shot.
Equipment for a Quarrel Shooter Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Running Shot.
Equipment for a Ranger Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Barrage.
Archer Party Outfit (Male)
Archer Party Outfit (Female)
Archer Simple Color Costume (Male)
Archer Simple Color Costume (Female)
Equipment for a Priest Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Mass Heal.
Equipment for a Dievdirbys Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the animation when carving Goddess Statues.
Equipment for a Monk Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Double Punch.
Equipment for a Cleric Circle 3.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}- Changes the effects of Heal.
Cleric Party Outfit (Male)
Cleric Party Outfit (Female)
Cleric Simple Color Costume (Male)
Cleric Simple Color Costume (Female)
Blue Sailor Cap
Black Feather Ornament
An ornament commonly placed on the heads of horses.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Female Traditional Hair Ornament
A traditional hair ornament, commonly used by women for outdoor activities.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A corolla of purple flowers.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
All you need are some eggs, sugar and salt to make it.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A cute hair accessory with a blue ribbon and lace details.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A pudding made with strawberries. Yum.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A hair accessory in the shape of butterfly wings. the black lace and golden details give it an aura of opulence.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A hair accessory adorned with a heart decoration in the middle.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
An accessory made with bison horns and flower embellishments.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A small corolla.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A balloon shaped like a dog. Be careful not to burst it.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Use to grow a sprout containing all the grace of the goddesses.
Monster Gem Box
Obtain 1 random Monster Gem.
Random Material Box
Obtain 1 random material item.
A cube obtained from the Hackapell Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Istora Ruins, Nuoridin Falls. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from the Warlock Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Mokusul Chamber, Videntis Shrine, Underground Grave of Ritinis. Right-click to open.
Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.
An event item.
Increases +100 physical and magic attack for 5 minutes.{nl}Collect Soda, Tutti Frutti and Lemon Candies to craft a Candy Basket.
Increases +100 physical and magic attack for 5 minutes.{nl}Collect Strawberry, Tutti Frutti and Lemon Candies to craft a Candy Basket.
Restores 500 HP and SP every 2 seconds for 15 seconds.{nl}Collect Strawberry, Soda and Lemon Candies to craft a Candy Basket.
Increases +3 movement speed for 5 minutes.{nl}Collect Strawberry, Soda and Tutti Frutti Candies to craft a Candy Basket.
An event item.
Great Pirate Vladslovas' Broken Necklace
Official Appraiser Master Nomination Document
Pink Hair Dye
Right-click to use. Check the Character Settings tab for the registered color.
[EVENT] Cockatrice Costume
[EVENT] Cockatrice Head (Male)
[EVENT] Cockatrice Head (Female)
[EVENT] Sissel Bracelet
[EVENT] Wizard Bracelet
[EVENT] Archmage Bangle
[EVENT] Phada
[EVENT] Dhrag Bracelet
[EVENT] Wind Runner
[EVENT] Catacombs Blade
[EVENT] Magi Two-handed Sword
[EVENT] Catacombs Club
[EVENT] Catacombs Staff
[EVENT] Maga Rod
[EVENT] Brandish
[EVENT] Catacombs Pike
[EVENT] Catacombs Shooter
[EVENT] Maga Bow
[EVENT] Aias
Event Quest Documents
Right-click to check contents.
Earth Tower 1 Extra Entry Voucher (14 Days)
Saalus Mission One Entry Voucher (14 Days)
Cherry Blossom Cube
LV1 Daily Cube
LV2 Daily Cube
LV3 Daily Cube
LV4 Daily Cube
LV5 Daily Cube
LV6 Daily Cube
Underground Chapel Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 50 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 50.)
Historic Site Ruins Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 80 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 80.)
Mercenary Post Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 100 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 100.)
Tavorh Cave Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 100 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 100.)
Monument of Desire Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 110 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 110.)
Saalus Convent Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 120 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 120.)
Fallen Legwyn Family Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 140 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 140.)
Narcon Prison Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 150 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 150.)
Hollow Thorn Forest Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 170 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 170.)
Natarh Watchtower Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 170 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 170.)
Tatenye Prison Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 190 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 190.)
Archmage Tower Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 200 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 200.)
Neighport Church East Building Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 210 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 210.)
Catacombs Underground Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 230 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 230.)
Sjarejo Chamber Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 230 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 230.)
Netanmalek Mausoleum Hunting Grounds Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 240 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 240.)
Blue Fortress Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 260 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 260.)
Earth Tower Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 260 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 260.)
Castle Dungeon Warp Scroll
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 290 dungeon's entrance.{nl} (Can be used after LV 290.)
Boost Pack
A pack for new Revelators.{nl}Use it to gain items.{nl}(When used, you will be able to check the target level.)
Material Box: LV 315
A box containing materials used to craft LV 315 weapons. Unfortunately, it doesn't contain any Practonium.
Monster Card Cube
Monster Badge
Required to complete the Event Daily Quests.
Class President Arm Band
An arm band worn by the leader of the class.
Skull Arm Band
An arm band worn by those who are up to no good.
 - [Backstab] skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}10
Replica Migantis Sword
An imitation of a Migantis piece of equipment.
Replica Pevordimas Sword
An imitation of a Pevordimas piece of equipment.
 - Repair cost {img green_up_arrow 16 16}100%
 - 2% chances of 600% additional damage when attacking
Migantis Sword
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this sword, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant sword.
Pevordimas Sword
There is magic actively flowing through this sword.
 - All Swordsman skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
 - 5% chance on skill attack to inflict [Bleeding] on enemies for 30 seconds, dealing damage equal to 20% of your character's minimum physical attack every 1.5 seconds{nl} - Every 5th application of [Bleeding] on a target will cause the next basic attack to hit 5 consecutive times{nl} - {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 50% reduced damage to [Ghost] armor-type targets
Purine Migantis Sword
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this sword, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant sword.
Purine Pevordimas Sword
There is magic actively flowing through this sword.
 - Deals additional damage equal to {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 50% of an enemy's block value when using a basic attack
Replica Migantis Two-handed Sword
Replica Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
Migantis Two-handed Sword
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this two-handed sword, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant sword.
Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
There is magic actively flowing through this two-handed sword.
 - 2% chance to {img green_up_arrow 16 16} increase magic defense by a number equivalent to your character level for 15 seconds after receiving magic damage
 - 2% chance to deal additional damage equal to the amount of your SP recovery rate
Purine Migantis Two-handed Sword
There is strong magic flowing through this two-handed sword, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant sword.
Purine Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
There is strong magic actively flowing through this two-handed sword.
Replica Migantis Rod
Replica Pevordimas Rod
 - Increases all Cryomancer skill levels by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
 - Increases the Earthquake skill level by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3
Migantis Rod
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this rod, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant rod.
Pevordimas Rod
There is magic actively flowing through this rod.
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's magic defense by 50% of your own magic defense and {img green_up_arrow 16 16} increase physical defense for 30 seconds with a basic attack
 - 5% chance to inflict [Burn] on an enemy for 10 seconds, with each second dealing damage equal to 60% of your magic attack
Purine Migantis Rod
There is strong magic flowing through this rod, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant rod.
Purine Pevordimas Rod
There is strong magic actively flowing through this rod.
Bow [Missile: Bow]
Replica Migantis Bow
Replica Pevordimas Bow
 - All Hunter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
 - 2% chance to inflict [Poison] on an enemy for 20 seconds with a basic attack, with every 2 seconds dealing 75 of damage
Migantis Bow
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this bow, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant bow.
Pevordimas Bow
There is magic actively flowing through this bow.
 - 100% critical rate on Beast-type enemies{nl}- {img red_down_arrow 16 16}25% damage on non-Beast-type enemies
Purine Migantis Bow
There is strong magic flowing through this bow, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant bow.
Purine Pevordimas Bow
There is magic actively flowing through this bow.
Crossbow [Missile: Bow]
Replica Migantis Crossbow
Replica Pevordimas Crossbow
Migantis Crossbow
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this crossbow, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant crossbow.
Pevordimas Crossbow
There is magic actively flowing through this crossbow.
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
 - Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Purine Migantis Crossbow
There is strong magic flowing through this crossbow, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant crossbow.
Purine Pevordimas Crossbow
There is strong magic actively flowing through this crossbow.
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Replica Migantis Mace
Replica Pevordimas Mace
 - All Monk skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Migantis Mace
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this mace, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant mace.
Pevordimas Mace
There is magic actively flowing through this mace.
Purine Migantis Mace
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this mace, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant mace.
Purine Pevordimas Mace
There is strong magic actively flowing through this mace.
 - 3% chance per attack of inflicting Stun
 - Increases holy property attack when equipped on a Cleric character by {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 50
 - Deals 500% additional damage after every 10th consecutive attack
Replica Migantis Shield
Replica Pevordimas Shield
Migantis Shield
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this shield, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant shield.
Pevordimas Shield
There is magic actively flowing through this shield.
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1%{nl}  - 1% chance to regenerate 40 HP every second for 5 seconds when taking damage
Purine Migantis Shield
There is strong magic flowing through this shield, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant shield.
Purine Pevordimas Shield
There is strong magic actively flowing through this shield.
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}8% - 8% chance to reduce damage by {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 50% when hit
 - All Peltasta skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}- All Rodelero skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}- Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3%
Replica Migantis Spear
Replica Pevordimas Spear
 - All Hoplite skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Migantis Spear
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this spear, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant spear.
Pevordimas Spear
There is magic actively flowing through this spear.
 - Increases damage by {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 50% when using [Spear Throw]
Purine Migantis Spear
There is strong magic flowing through this spear, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant spear.
Purine Pevordimas Spear
There is magic actively flowing through this spear.
Replica Migantis Pike
Replica Pevordimas Pike
 - Deals 3 successive hits on Large-type targets{nl}  - All Cataphract skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Migantis Pike
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this two-handed spear, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant spear.
Pevordimas Pike
There is magic actively flowing through this two-handed spear.
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's movement speed by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}15 for 10 seconds
Purine Migantis Pike
There is strong magic flowing through this two-handed spear, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant spear.
Purine Pevordimas Pike
There is magic actively flowing through this two-handed spear.
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}235 additional damage when using [Impaler]
 - 3% chance to inflict [Corruption] on an enemy for 20 seconds and decrease their max. HP by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}10%
Replica Migantis Dagger
Replica Pevordimas Dagger
 - 1% chance of inflicting Bleeding for 15 seconds, with each second dealing 50% of damage equal to the amount of your attack
Migantis Dagger
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this dagger, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant dagger.
Pevordimas Dagger
There is magic actively flowing through this dagger.
Purine Migantis Dagger
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this dagger, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant dagger.
Purine Pevordimas Dagger
There is magic actively flowing through this dagger.
 - 2% chance to inflict poison that deals 685 damage per second over 10 seconds when attacking with a dagger
Replica Migantis Staff
Replica Pevordimas Staff
 - All Pyromancer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
 - Increases [Ice Blast] skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3
 - Hell Breath has a 20% chance to inflict [Burn] on an enemy for 10 seconds, with each second dealing damage equal to 33% of your character level
 - 2% chance of dealing 600% additional damage per attack
Migantis Staff
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this staff, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant staff.
Pevordimas Staff
There is magic actively flowing through this staff.
 - All Cryomancer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - 15% chance to inflict [Freeze] on an enemy for 3 seconds with an Ice property skill
 - [Power Staff] Attacking with the C key increases damage equal to your magic attack
 - Increases [Magic Missile] damage by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}186
Purine Migantis Staff
There is strong magic flowing through this staff, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant staff.
Purine Pevordimas Staff
There is strong magic actively flowing through this staff.
Pistol [Missile: Gun]
Replica Migantis Pistol
Replica Pevordimas Pistol
Migantis Pistol
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this pistol, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant pistol.
Pevordimas Pistol
There is magic actively flowing through this pistol.
Purine Migantis Pistol
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this pistol, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant pistol.
Purine Pevordimas Pistol
There is magic actively flowing through this pistol.
Replica Migantis Rapier
Replica Pevordimas Rapier
Migantis Rapier
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this rapier, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant rapier.
Pevordimas Rapier
There is magic actively flowing through this rapier.
 - All Fencer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Purine Migantis Rapier
There is strong magic flowing through this rapier, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant rapier.
Purine Pevordimas Rapier
There is strong magic actively flowing through this rapier.
Elga Rapier
A rapier capable of piercing through even the most impenetrable of barriers.
 - All Fencer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - 3% chance to inflict additional damage with Holy property attacks
 - All Fencer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Black Horn
An elegant black-colored rapier featuring light-weight, highly flexible components.
Cannon [Missile: Cannon]
Replica Migantis Cannon
Replica Pevordimas Cannon
Migantis Cannon
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this cannon, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant cannon.
Pevordimas Cannon
There is magic actively flowing through this cannon.
Purine Migantis Cannon
There is strong magic flowing through this cannon, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant cannon.
Purine Pevordimas Cannon
There is magic actively flowing through this cannon.
 - All Cannoneer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Musket [Missile: Gun]
Replica Migantis Musket
Replica Pevordimas Musket
Migantis Musket
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this musket, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant musket.
Pevordimas Musket
There is magic actively flowing through this musket.
Purine Migantis Musket
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this musket, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant musket.
Purine Pevordimas Musket
There is strong magic actively flowing through this musket.
 - All Musketeer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Replica Kalinis Robe
An elaborate imitation of a piece of Kalinis armor.
Replica Albinosas Leather Armor
An elaborate imitation of a piece of Albinosas armor.
Replica Tajtanas Plate Armor
An elaborate imitation of a piece of Tajtanas armor.
Replica Oksinis Robe
An elaborate imitation of a piece of Oksinis armor.
Replica Kaulas Leather Armor
An elaborate imitation of a piece of Kaulas armor.
Replica Krisius Plate Armor
An elaborate imitation of a piece of Krisius armor.
Kalinis Robe
A fine piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Albinosas Leather Armor
A piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Tajtanas Plate Armor
A piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Oksinis Robe
A piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Kaulas Leather Armor
A piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Krisius Plate Armor
A piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
Vienti Kalinis Robe
A strong piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Vienti Albinosas Leather Armor
A strong piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Vienti Tajtanas Plate Armor
A strong piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Vienti Oksinis Robe
A strong  piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Vienti Kaulas Leather Armor
A strong piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Vienti Krisius Plate Armor
A strong piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
Replica Kalinis Pants
Replica Albinosas Leather Pants
Replica Tajtanas Plate Pants
Replica Oksinis Pants
Replica Kaulas Leather Pants
Replica Krisius Plate Pants
Kalinis Pants
A fine piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Albinosas Leather Pants
A piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Tajtanas Plate Pants
A piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Oksinis Pants
A piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Kaulas Leather Pants
A piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Krisius Plate Pants
A piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
Vienti Kalinis Pants
A strong piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Vienti Albinosas Leather Pants
A strong piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Vienti Tajtanas Plate Pants
A strong piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Vienti Oksinis Pants
A strong piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Vienti Kaulas Leather Pants
A strong piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Vienti Krisius Plate Pants
A strong piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
Replica Kalinis Boots
Replica Albinosas Leather Boots
Replica Tajtanas Greaves
Replica Oksinis Boots
Replica Kaulas Leather Boots
Replica Krisius Greaves
Kalinis Boots
A fine piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Albinosas Leather Boots
A piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Tajtanas Greaves
A piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Oksinis Boots
A piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Kaulas Leather Boots
A piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Krisius Greaves
A piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
Vienti Kalinis Boots
A strong piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Vienti Albinosas Leather Boots
A strong piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Vienti Tajtanas Greaves
A strong piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Vienti Oksinis Boots
A strong piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Vienti Kaulas Leather Boots
A strong piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Vienti Krisius Greaves
A strong piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
 - Increases Movement Speed by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}100
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}12% additional damage on Leather armored type enemies with [Strike] attacks
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}12% additional damage on Plate armored type enemies with [Slash] attacks
Replica Kalinis Gloves
Replica Albinosas Leather Gloves
Replica Tajtanas Gauntlets
Replica Oksinis Gloves
Replica Kaulas Leather Gloves
Replica Krisius Gauntlets
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}20% additional damage on Leather armored type enemies with [Strike] attacks
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}20% additional damage on Plate armored type enemies with [Slash] attacks
Kalinis Gloves
A fine piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Albinosas Leather Gloves
A piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Tajtanas Gauntlets
A piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Oksinis Gloves
A piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Kaulas Leather Gloves
A piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Krisius Gauntlets
A piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
: When using this skill against 
 enemies, absorb HP equal to 15% of the amount of damage dealt to monsters
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}25% additional damage on Leather armored type enemies with [Strike] attacks
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}25% additional damage on Plate armored type enemies with [Slash] attacks
Vienti Kalinis Gloves
A strong piece of armor made with high-quality fabrics and magic fur. Very wearable and warm.
Vienti Albinosas Leather Gloves
A strong piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
Vienti Tajtanas Gauntlets
A strong piece of armor made of a foreign metal name titanium. It is as heavy as it is tough.
Vienti Oksinis Gloves
A strong piece of armor made of an exquisite golden fabric. Rumor has it this armor was worn by the nobility in faraway nations.
Vienti Kaulas Leather Gloves
A strong piece of armor made of monster leather and bones. Rumor has it warriors from faraway countries adorned their armor with large bones to represent their skill.
Vienti Krisius Gauntlets
A strong piece of armor worn by the royal knights of a faraway nation. It contains pure gold.
 - Provides the buff effect 
 while equipped
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% attack when using the following skills{nl}  - Fireball, Fire Wall, Flare, Fire Pillar, Hell Breath, Flame Ground, Meteor, Incineration, Prominence
 - Increases Magic Amplification as much as {img green_up_arrow 16 16}40% as the HP recovery rate at the time of equipping this item{nl} - Reduces HP recovery rate to 0
 while equipped{nl}  - Stacks when equipping the same item
 - Triggers [Frenzy] for 5 seconds when an enemy avoids your attack{nl}- Increases physical attack by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}235, movement speed by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}10 and reduces physical defense by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}88 for 30 seconds when stacking [Frenzy] 8 times
Bad Kids Black School Uniform (Male)
A fitted uniform symbolizing your status in school. Wear to change your appearance.
Bad Kids Black School Uniform (Female)
Bad Kids Red School Uniform (Male)
Bad Kids Red School Uniform (Female)
Bad Kids White School Uniform (Male)
Bad Kids White School Uniform (Female)
Bad Kids Blue School Uniform (Male)
Bad Kids Blue School Uniform (Female)
Cherry Blossom Sailor Costume (Male)
A sailor costume invoking the romance of cherry blossom season. Wear to change your appearance.
Cherry Blossom Sailor Costume (Female)
Best Man Costume (Male)
A safe outfit to wear to a wedding. Wear to change your appearance.
Bridesmaid Costume (Female)
A dress for the friends of the bride. Wear to change your appearance.
Psychokino Circle 3 Costume (Male)
Psychokino Circle 3 Costume (Female)
Yes! This is it!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
[Level Up Event] Sabre
Primary weapon of the cavalry, optimized for slashing. The guard on the hilt helps protect the user's hand.
[Level Up Event] Nodachi
A Nodachi with a length 'just right' can amplify its slashing power and dominate the space between the wielder and their foe.
[Level Up Event] Crook
Legends say that evil wizards were the first to start using this weapon.
[Level Up Event] Ju Staff
A staff widely enjoyed by wizards of the past, but for no particular reason.
[Level Up Event] Rokas Bow
It is presumably named after the place where its inventor came from.
[Level Up Event] Quarrel Bow
The Quarrel Shooter Master uses this to teach beginners.
[Level Up Event] Mallet
Seasoned clerics attack the enemy in a multitude of ways using the ornament at the head of this mallet.
[Level Up Event] Short Spear
A standard, military-issue weapon for common soldiers.
[Level Up Event] Cheminis Pike
Alchemically crafted weapons are being re-evaluated and are trending with the resurgence of the monsters.
[Level Up Event] Brigandine Armor
Minivern's high defense becomes a great gift for crafters after it dies, like in this armor.
[Level Up Event] Brigandine Pants
A piece of armor that holds well over time and can used in different ways by those with the right know-how.
[Level Up Event] Brigandine Gloves
Favored by those looking to achieve swift, precise movements.
[Level Up Event] Brigandine Boots
If you wear them, you can see how little noise they make.
[Level Up Event] Badelaire
The true power of this blade is its ability to cleave everything between you and your enemy.
[Level Up Event] Katzbalger
This sword has absorbed the experience of an elite soldier. Whether you are a mercenary or not, if you enjoy fighting you will appreciate this sword.
[Level Up Event] Alter Rod
This weapon is a staff condensed with magic through complicated methods.
[Level Up Event] Cross Staff
This staff symbolizes many virtues. Justice, truth, space and more.
[Level Up Event] Siege Bow
The archers from the Astral Tower do not care for this bow. However, others living in these treacherous times might find this bow useful.
[Level Up Event] Fedimian Turret
In the old days, the majority of the body from this equipment was made by silver. The silver products were famous in Fedimian.
[Level Up Event] Fedimian Club
It has a form to display the unique character of this town, but the material is not silver.
[Level Up Event] Alchupiz
The Royal Army used it for the ceremony, but many warriors find it useful during real battles.
[Level Up Event] Royal Partisan
After Partisan-style spears became popular, they started to be produced for the aristocracy, including this modified version.
[Level Up Event] Skirmisher Tunic
The previous Skirmisher equipment is being crafted with improved qualities as the monsters go rampant since Medzio Diena.
[Level Up Event] Superior Skirmisher Pants
[Level Up Event] Superior Skirmisher Gloves
[Level Up Event] Superior Skirmisher Boots
[Level Up Event] Koperon Sword
A normal sword regardless of the power with a magic. Of course, If there are people who ignore the power of this sword, they can be damaged by this sword.
[Level Up Event] Twin Blade
Don't you feel a foreboding presence from the enemy? It seems this isn't over yet.
[Level Up Event] Corona Rod
According to the stories passed down through time, this staff was meant to possess a very powerful magic force. Its creator, however, passed away before they could imbue the magic in it, resulting in the state it has today.
[Level Up Event] Evil Staff
According to an old saying, the origin of the cane is related to the Demon Lord Helgasercle.
[Level Up Event] Wreech Bow
Unlike its name, this bow will be welcomed by any archer. Rogues aren't the only ones who prefer this bow.
[Level Up Event] Kracked Shooter
Careful attention of the user is necessary to avoid ruining the fine structure of this equipment. Its craftmenship adds a layer of complexity compared to regular weapons, which give credence to its value.
[Level Up Event] Burawa
Blacksmiths and those with another job often buy this to actually use it.
[Level Up Event] Corsesca
If one feels that his weapon deals additional damages on the demons, that's just a feeling.
[Level Up Event] Demon Pike
Even if multiple weapons share the same origin, some of them can develop further than the others.
[Level Up Event] Dual Rapier
A simple piece of equipment to help you in combat.
[Level Up Event] Blint Leather Robe
This equipment was loved in the south of Orsha before Medzio Diena, and was used while hunting and traveling.
[Level Up Event] Blint Leather Pants
[Level Up Event] Blint Leather Gloves
[Level Up Event] Blint Leather Boots
[Kupole] Mage Robe
[Kupole] Mage Pants
[Kupole] Mage Boots
[Kupole] Mage Gloves
[Kupole] Plate Mail
[Kupole] Plate Pants
[Kupole] Plate Greaves
[Kupole] Plate Gauntlets
[Kupole] Kupole Necklace
A necklace containing the blessing of Kupoles.
[Kupole] Kupole Bracelet
A bracelet containing the blessing of Kupoles.
[Kupole] Steel Buckler
[Kupole] Dirk Dagger
[Kupole] Superior Cannon
[Kupole] Long Pistol
[Kupole] Superior Musket
Instantly restores 273 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}273 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 461 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}461 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 921 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}921 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 84 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}84 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 144 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}144 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 288 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}288 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 28 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 46 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 93 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores 32~35 SP. Easy to acquire.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Sweet-tasting herb. It is sometimes used for treatment of wounds. Restores 50 to 60 HP. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
It tastes bad but restores your SP. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores 350~400 SP. A well-known delicacy among food connoisseurs. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
A mushroom with a hint of a woody scent. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
This fruit has a sweet and sour flavor. {nl}Restores HP every 2 seconds. 180 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores 80~100 HP. The meat is readily available and safe to eat raw. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 172 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}172 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 288 HP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}288 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 576 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}576 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 108 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}108 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 180 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}180 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 360 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}360 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores 224 HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}224 HP and SP are restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 50 seconds.
Restores HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}373 HP and SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores 744 HP and SP every 2 seconds. {nl}744 HP and SP are restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 50 seconds.
A crystal obtained by processing a piece of crystal.{nl}Restores 396 HP immediately and 396 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
A crystal obtained by processing a piece of crystal.{nl}Restores 210 SP immediately and 210 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
A vegetable with a crunchy texture. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv 170 EXP Boost
Increases the EXP of your character by 106,850,628. Right-click to use.
Instantly restores 2188 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2188 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 726 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}726 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 1613 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1613 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 534 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}534 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 2419 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2419 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 804 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}804 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 1872 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1872 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores 2246 HP immediately and additionally restores 2246 HP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 2693 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2693 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 1560 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}1560 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 1872 SP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1872 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 2244 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}2244 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 373 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 480 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 617 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 831 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Class EXP Recovery Card
Restores the Class EXP of your last Rank. Can only be used when your character is of the same Rank they were when they used the Rank Reset Voucher.
Large HP Potion
Instantly restores 1474 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1474 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Huge HP Potion
Instantly restores 2212 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2212 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Large SP Potion
Instantly restores 489 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}489 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Huge SP Potion
Instantly restores 734 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}734  SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Lv 280 EXP Boost
Increases the EXP of your character by 1,188,337,767. Right-click to use.
Instantly restores 1152 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1152 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 384 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}384 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1267 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1267 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1382 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1382 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1497 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1497 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1613 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1613 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1728 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1728 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1843 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1843 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 1958 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}1958 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2073 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2073 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2189 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2189 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2304 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2304 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2419 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2419 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2534 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2534 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2649 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2649 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 2765 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2765 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 420 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}420 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 456 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}456 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 498 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}498 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 534 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}534 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 576 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}576 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 612 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}612 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 648 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}648 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 690 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}690 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 726 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}726 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 768 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}768 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 804 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}804 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 840 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}840 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 882 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}882 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Instantly restores 918 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}918 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 250 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 62. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 374 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 93. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 498 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 124. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 622 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 155. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 746 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 186. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 870 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 217. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 994 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 248. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1118 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 279. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1242 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 310. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1366 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 341. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1490 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 372. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1614 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 403. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1738 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 434. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1862 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 465. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 1986 for 1 minute. Also increases SP recovery by 496. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 625 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 12. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 925 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 18. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 1225 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 24. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 1525 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 30. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 1825 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 36. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 2125 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 42. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 2425 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 48. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 2725 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 54. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 3025 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 60. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 3325 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 66. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 3625 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 72. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 3925 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 78. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 4225 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 84. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 4525 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 90. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 4825 for 1 minute. Also increases physical and magic defense by 96. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Instantly restores 2765 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2765 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 918 SP. {nl}Additionally restores SP every 2 seconds. {nl}918 SP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
Instantly restores 2189 HP. {nl}Additionally restores HP every 2 seconds. {nl}2189 HP is restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.
School Uniform Cube (Male)
Obtain 1 random School Uniform costume.
School Uniform Cube (Female)
Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 75)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 75 rare weapon item.
Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 75)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 75 rare armor item.
Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 120)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 120 rare weapon item.
Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 120)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 120 rare armor item.
Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 170)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 170 rare weapon item.
Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 170)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 170 rare armor item.
Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 220)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 220 rare weapon item.
Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 220)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 220 rare armor item.
Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 270)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 270 magic weapon item.
Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 270)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 270 magic armor item.
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 270 rare weapon item.
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 270 rare armor item.
Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 315)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 315 magic weapon item.
Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 315)
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 315 magic armor item.
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 315 rare weapon item.
Open to obtain an unidentified Lv 315 rare armor item.
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Mutant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Medium-sized Monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Ice property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Flying-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Devil-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Small-sized monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Earth property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Beast-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Fire property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Lightning property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Dark property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Plant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Insect-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Large-sized Monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Poison property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Boss Monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [Number of Cards]% damage against Stationary-type monsters
Goddesses' Blessed Gem
A gem with the blessing of the goddesses.{nl}Can be used to enhance equipment items.
Leaf Penguin Egg
Restores your HP and SP by 512 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Restores your HP and SP by 512 every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 100 seconds.
Kepa Cube
A cube obtained from the event. Right-click to use and obtain its contents.
Attribute Discount Coupon
Attribute Coupon
Attribute Discount Coupon 2
Attribute Discount Coupon 3
Attribute Discount Coupon 4
Attribute Discount Coupon 5
Attribute Discount Coupon 6
Gift Box
A box obtained from using the coupon.
Simple Costume Box
A box containing a Simple Costume fit to your character. Right-click to use.
A new user guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain an item.
Lada's Invitation
An invitation from Goddess Lada.{nl}Right-click to open.
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Blessed Gift
A gift blessed by the goddesses. Right-click to use.
Event Wedding Costume Box
A box containing an Event Wedding costume fit to your character. Right-click to use.
Goddess' Level Up Chest
Right-click to use. You character must be level 15 or above to use.
Lv 40 Chest
Right-click to use.
Lv 50 Chest
Lv 75 Chest
Lv 85 Chest
Lv 100 Chest
Lv 125 Chest
Lv 140 Chest
Lv 175 Chest
Lv 190 Chest
Lv 200 Chest
Lv 225 Chest
Lv 300 Chest
Honored Level Up Chest
Honored Lv 40 Chest
Honored Lv 50 Chest
Honored Lv 75 Chest
Honored Lv 85 Chest
Honored Lv 100 Chest
Honored Lv 125 Chest
Honored Lv 140 Chest
Honored Lv 175 Chest
Honored Lv 190 Chest
Honored Lv 200 Chest
Honored Lv 225 Chest
Honored Lv 300 Chest
[Level Up Event] Fortune Cookie
Increases EXP gains, movement speed and maximum HP according to number of stacks for 30 minutes. Maximum 5 stacks.
[Level Up Event] Goddess Sculpture
Install Goddess' Statue which provides Goddess's Blessing for five minutes.
[Level Up Event] Superior Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.
[Level Up Event] Silver Anvil
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. You can enhance equipment without the cost of silver. Right-click to use.
[Level Up Event] Instance One Entry Voucher
Use it to enter an instanced dungeon one more time.
[Level Up Event] Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.
Magic Stone Fragment
An unknown fragment. It's hard to tell what it can be used for, but it emits a faint magic.
Magic Stone of Speed
Increases +3 movement speed for 300 seconds. Effects apply only inside the Rancid Labyrinth, Balaam Camp Site and Michmas Temple. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Magic Stone of Wrath
Increases +140 critical attack for 300 seconds. Effects apply only inside the Rancid Labyrinth, Balaam Camp Site and Michmas Temple. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Magic Stone of Illusion
Increases +130 magic amplification for 300 seconds. Effects apply only inside the Rancid Labyrinth, Balaam Camp Site and Michmas Temple. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
There is magic actively flowing through this dagger.
[Event] Imperial Fan (30 Days)
Increases +76 physical attack and +70 magic attack for 3 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown time 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum SP by 2000 for 3 minutes. Also increases SP recovery by 415. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Increases a character's maximum HP by 2000 for 3 minutes. Also increases physical and magical defense by 40. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. Does not require a silver fee for enhancement. When you fail at an enhance level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in Exchange Shop.
Obtained from some Gribas.
Donnes Badge
A badge earned from completing one of Donne's requests.{nl}Gather five and exchange them at the Event Notice Board for a reward.
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 5 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 10 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 15 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 30 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 50 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 80 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 100 and above.)
King's Plateau Report
A Disease Detector report the Plague Doctor Master has asked for.
Viltis Forest Report
Goddess' Ancient Garden Report
Knidos Jungle Report
Cloud Lightning
The meteorological phenomena most feared by ancient civilizations.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A headwear piece. Right-click to use.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A hair ornament made of seashell fragments.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A sloth taking a nap after a very satisfying meal.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Have it steamed with rice or boil the leaves to make tea.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A bowl used for serving food.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Welcome Back Gift Box (15 Days)
Use to receive a returning player quest.{nl}Completing the quest will earn you the corresponding rewards.
Earth Tower 1 Extra Entry Voucher
Diamond Anvil
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. Upon failure, the Enhancement Level of the equipment will not be reduced.
Diamond Anvil (14 Days)
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. Upon failure, the Enhancement Level of the equipment will not be reduced. Can be used for 14 days after obtaining it.
Title - Finest Moment
A title given to winners of the Spring Art Festival. Right-click to use.
[GM] Transformation Scroll
A scroll that lets the user transform.
It seems to contain something unknown. {nl}Right-click to use.{nl}Can be used from Lv. 40.
Forest Fairy Costume (Male)
Turn into a mystical forest fairy. Equip to change your appearance.
Forest Fairy Costume (Female)
[Event] Shining Four Leaf Clover
[Event] Item
A lucky four leaf clover.
A material for SP recovery potions often sold by merchants at auctions.
A material for HP recovery potions often sold by merchants at auctions.
A scroll used to record a particular skill.
Heart-Throb Wedding Veil Costume
Worn by the beautiful bride on her wedding day.
Heart-Throb Wedding Costume (Male)
Heart-throb wedding costume. Your appearance will change if you equip this.
My Wedding Dress Costume (Female)
My Wedding Dress Costume. Your appearance will change if you equip this.
My Wedding Tuxedo Costume (Male)
My Wedding Tuxedo Costume. Your appearance will change if you equip this.
Heart-Throb Wedding Costume (Female)
Toy Paper Ticket
My Wedding Bouquet
A bouquet that matches well with the Pure White Wedding Dress.
Heart-Throb Wedding Bouquet
A bouquet that matches well with the May Wedding Dress.
Shining Silver Anvil (5 Medals)
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it afterwards to upgrade the quality. You can enhance equipment without the cost of silver. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for 5 Medals in the Exchange Shop.
Elixir of HP Recovery (2 Medals)
Instantly restores 50% of max. HP. Additionally restores the other 50% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl} Can be exchanged for 2 medals in the Exchange Shop.
Elixir of SP Recovery (2 Medals)
Instantly restores 50% of max. SP. Additionally restores the other 50% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl} Can be exchanged for 2 medals in the Exchange Shop.
Random Toy Box
Will acquire 1 random toy when opened.
Heart-Throb Wedding Cube
Heart-Throb Wedding Cube x 10 + 1
Heart-Throb Wedding Cube Set
Right-click to obtain the following items:{nl} - My Wedding Costume Box{nl} - Heart-Throb Wedding Cube x 10 + 1
Cake Music Box
Use to play music. Cannot move while music is playing.
Forest Squirrel Music Box
Groom Dove Music Box
Use to play music. Cannot move while music is playing. Use the item again to stop the music from playing.{nl} - Can be exchanged for 20 medals in the Exchange Shop.
Bride Dove Music Box
Surprise Bear Music Box
Goddess Music Box
Wedding Pop-up Book
Use to produce a cute pop-up book. After 10 seconds the pop-up book will automatically disappear.
Wood Board
A wooden board made on request for a pirate.
Pirates Potion
Right-click to use.{nl}Increases movement speed +5 for 1 hour
Wedding Cake
A stylish cake found only at weddings. {nl}Increases movement speed by +3, Attack by +10 and EXP gains by 10% for 60 minutes.
Invitation
An invitation to a wedding.{nl}Deliver it to the guest to whom it is addressed.
Party Firecracker (14 Days)
Fire it up and enjoy with your party.{nl}Grants 60 minutes of +2 movement speed and +50% EXP gains to all party members.
Small Elixir of HP Recovery
Instantly restores 20% of max. HP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 20% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.
Small Elixir of SP Recovery
Instantly restores 20% of max. SP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 20% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it to upgrade the quality of your equipment. You can enhance your equipment without the cost of silver. Right-click to use.{nl} Cannot be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Lv 315 Recipe Box - Weapon
Use to obtain a random LV 315 weapon recipe.
Leticia's Secret Cube
Leticia's Secret Cube x 10 + 1
Artisan Weapon Recipe Box (Lv. 315)
Select a Lv 315 recipe able to be crafted with fewer materials. Right-click to use.
Shining LV 7 Gem Abrasive
Ominous Spirit Fragment
A spirit fragment exuding an ominous energy. Rumor has it this fragment can be used as a material to craft certain types of equipment.
Ominous Spirit Piece
A piece of a spirit exuding an ominous energy. Rumor has it this piece can be used as a material to craft certain types of equipment.
Ominous Spirit Mineral
A spirit mineral exuding an ominous energy. Rumor has it this mineral can be used as a material to craft certain types of equipment.
Ominous Spirit Crystal
A spirit crystal exuding an ominous energy. Rumor has it this crystal can be used as a material to craft certain types of equipment.
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the player's maximum HP & SP.
Shark Pirate Costume (Male)
A fearsome shark pirate costume. Use to alter your appearance.
Shark Pirate Costume (Female)
Fried Chicken Poodle Head (Male)
Wear to change the appearance of your head. Cannot be died by Hair Dyes.
Tuxedo Cat Head (Male)
Popolion Head (Male)
Penguin Head (Male)
Fried Chicken Poodle Head (Female)
Tuxedo Cat Head (Female)
Popolion Head (Female)
Penguin Head (Female)
Popolion Costume
A costume to the image of the cute tottering Popolion. Use to change your appearance.
Tuxedo Cat Costume
Turn into a green-eyed tuxedo kitty with this costume. No one will resist your adorable pink toe jelly beans! Use to change your appearance.
Fried Chicken Poodle Costume
Nothing says "Master of Optical Illusions" like a fried chicken poodle. Use to change your appearance.
Paper Boat
A boat made of paper. Just don't try to sail it.
Look at all the bubbles!
Let's show everyone your support! Voooooooo!
Spray that snow everywhere you can.
It lets you dig.
Ah! It found something!
It lets you dig.
Soooooo waaaaarm.
Look, it's snowing!
Just have a seat.
Stone Whale Treasure
A treasure chest obtained through the spirit of the Golden Stone Whale.{nl}What treasures does it hold...?
Daily Guess Ticket
One ticket equals one chance to guess the Number of the Day.{nl}Use it at your nearest Event Notice Board.
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 110 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 120 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 140 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 150 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 170 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 190 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 200 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 210 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 230 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 240 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 260 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 290 and above.)
A guide cube for new players.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 315 and above.)
TOS Celebration Costume (Male)
A simple costume to celebrate your adventures in the world of TOS. Use to change your appearance.
TOS Celebration Costume (Female)
[Event] Solmiki Plate Mail (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Plate Leggings (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Plate Greaves (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Plate Gauntlets (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Robe (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Pants (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Boots (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Gloves (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Leather Boots (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Leather Gloves (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Medal (Cloth) (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Medal (Leather) (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Medal (Plate) (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Bracelet (Cloth) (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Medal (Leather) (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Medal (Plate) (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Sword (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Rod (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Bow (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Crossbow (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Mace (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Shield (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Spear (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Pike (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Dagger (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Staff (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Pistol (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Rapier (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Cannon (30 Days)
[Event] Solmiki Musket (30 Days)
Solmiki Weapon Voucher (14 Days)
Use to select a 30-day event Solmiki piece of equipment.
Solmiki Top Voucher (14 Days)
Solmiki Bottom Voucher (14 Days)
Solmiki Boots Voucher (14 Days)
Solmiki Gloves Voucher (14 Days)
Solmiki Accessory Voucher (14 Days)
Returning Player Badge
Bring this badge to an Event Notice Board to receive your reward.
[Event] Savior's Sword (30 Days)
Timed event reward.
[Event] Savior's Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Mace (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Staff (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Rod (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Dagger (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Spear (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Pike (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Rapier (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Crossbow (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Bow (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Pistol (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Cannon (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Musket (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Shield (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Robe (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Pants (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Gloves (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Boots (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Leather Boots (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Leather Gloves (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Plate Mail (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Plate Leggings (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Plate Greaves (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Plate Gauntlets (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Medal (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Necklace (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Band (30 Days)
[Event] Savior's Bracelet (30 Days)
Savior's Weapon Voucher (14 Days)
Select a piece of equipment to use during the event period.
Savior's Top Voucher (14 Days)
Savior's Bottom Voucher (14 Days)
Savior's Boots Voucher (14 Days)
Savior's Gloves Voucher (14 Days)
Savior's Accessory Voucher (14 Days)
Beginner Level-up Card
Increases character and class EXP. Can be used at level 85 and lower.
Intermediate Level-up Card
Increases character and class EXP. Can be used at level 185 and lower.
Advanced Level-up Card
Increases character and class EXP. Can be used at level 280 and lower.
High Advanced Level-up Card
Increases character and class EXP. Can be used at level 330 and lower.
Monster Gem Box: Rank 1
Use to obtain 1 random material item.{nl}Contains Monster Gems related to Swordsman, Wizard, Archer and Cleric classes.
Goddess Sculpture
 - 1% chance of inflicting Bleeding for 15 seconds, dealing 50% of damage equal to the amount of your attack every 1.5 seconds
No one knows how Jukopus gave this weapon its abilities. The Winterspoon family seems to know, but do not share it.
Fyrmes Necklace
The Fyrmes Necklace contains a small portion of divine power, which is the source of its greenish color. It also symbolizes the desire to never witness the end of our world as we know it.
Predji Necklace
The symbol engraved in the center is said to have evolved from an ancient rune. So much so, it is used by rune masters to teach their pupils.
Mejstra Necklace
The Mejstra Necklace was developed by a skilled master of dreams. It gives its wearer the ability to extract power from their dreams into reality.
Svijes Necklace
The Svijes Necklace features the characteristics of the Fyrmes Necklace at a more developed level. In this necklace, the divine power has altered the nature of the piece itself.
Atikha Necklace
The method use to create the first Atikha Necklace is known only in the northern regions of the Kingdom. It was merchants who discovered a way to produce them using easier to find materials.
Manosierdi Necklace
Features the phrase, "Let the voice of the Goddess enter my heart, let it become my strength," engraved in very small lettering on the back.
Lynnki Sit Necklace
The Lynnki Sit Necklace is known for imbuing its wearer with the power of its original owner, with the first owner gaining the power of the necklace's maker. Nothing is lost in this process, as the necklace merely adds the power of the previous owner to the current wearer, without taking any power away from those who come into contact with it.
Kite Moor Necklace
This necklace was discovered by a maker looking for a way to equip two items at once. Considering its accidental discovery, the effects it possesses are quite extraordinary.
Pasiutes Necklace
The body includes an engraved sentence claiming the origins of this piece in a shattered dagger owned by a goddess.
Frieno Necklace
This necklace inherited the style of those created during the Kingdom's heydays. Currently, it assumes a more modern stance on that style, although its performance is lacking compared to the original pieces.
Fyrmes Bracelet
The Fyrmes Bracelet symbolizes an eternal cycle, represented by the looped metal rings. It is also a reminder of the will of the goddesses to banish the demons and their chaos.
Predji Bracelet
According to merchant rumors, the fact that this piece possesses a single stat is the fault of a beginner's mistake.
Mejstra Bracelet
The Mejstra Bracelet symbolizes the life added to an eternal cycle. Many were the makers who devoted themselves to maintaining the symbolism in this piece.
Svijes Bracelet
According to legends, the Svijes Bracelet was first created by a wizard known to have ventured into the realm of demons. After his body was discovered, the bracelet was the only way to confirm his identity.
Atikha Bracelet
When the Atikha Bracelet was first produced, the process of joining the two semicircles that compose it was very important. Today the bracelet is made from a single piece, which makes it more dangerous but easier to craft even by inexperienced makers.
Manosierdi Bracelet
This piece represents the power obtained from allowing the voice of the goddesses to reach one's heart.
Lynnki Sit Bracelet
The Lynnki Sit Bracelet is said to store and accumulate the power of its wearer and return it when necessary. This means that, unless the wearer is in a combat situation, it will be difficult to witness the effects of this bracelet. That said, it remains to be proven whether this makes any difference to actual combat performance.
Kite Moor Bracelet
This bracelet was made to help sacrifice the last elements maintaining the wearer's life to allow them to deliver one ultimately powerful blow. It all depends on whether the wearer's resistance is higher than the enemy's.
Pasiutes Bracelet
The red gems in this bracelet symbolize the blood of the enemy. The inner surface reads, "Never fear, only fight."
Frieno Bracelet
This bracelet inherited the style popular during the Kingdom's heydays. Contrary to its delicate appearance, this piece boasts very good resistance, a characteristic which it transfers into its wearer as well.
Black Butler Costume (Male)
Wear it at a fancy chateau somewhere, you'll fit right in. Use to change your appearance.
Black Maid Costume (Female)
Red Butler Costume (Male)
Red Maid Costume (Female)
Blue Butler Costume (Male)
Blue Maid Costume (Female)
Junior Mercenary Costume (Male)
The basic uniform given to low-rank mercenaries. Use to change your appearance.
Junior Mercenary Costume (Female)
Festival Vuvuzela
Event item.
Festival Shovel
Festival Detector
Festival 5kg Dumbbell
Work on your biceps. Event item.
Festival Bubble Wrap
Bursting the little plastic bubbles is the most satisfying feeling ever. Event item.
Festival Party Horn
Blow it and make it sound like a real party. Use a maximum of once in 30 seconds. Event item.
Festival Snow Spray
Festival Foldable Stool
(Old) Obscene Deathweaver Cube
(Old) Bleak Chapparition Cube
(Old) Violent Cerberus Cube
(Old) Noisy Mineloader Cube
(Old) Burning Fire Lord Cube
(Old) Wrathful Harpeia Cube
(Old) Ellaganos Cube
(Old) Mirtis Cube
(Old) Helgasercle Cube
(Old) Rexipher Cube
(Old) Marnox Cube
(Old) Nuaele Cube
(Old) Zaura Cube
(Old) Blut Cube
Mirtis Cube
Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.{nl}- The chances of obtaining a high-grade item are slightly high.
Helgasercle Cube
Rexipher Cube
Marnox Cube
Nuaele Cube
Zaura Cube
Blut Cube
Butler & Maid Costume Box (Black)
Use to obtain one item of your choice: Black Butler Costume (Male) or Black Maid Costume (Female).
Butler & Maid Costume Box (Red)
Use to obtain one item of your choice: Red Butler Costume (Male) or Red Maid Costume (Female).
Butler & Maid Costume Box (Blue)
Use to obtain one item of your choice: Blue Butler Costume (Male) or Blue Maid Costume (Female).
A cube obtained from the Hackapell Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Istora Ruins, Nuoridin Falls. Right-click to open.
Unidentified Weapon Cube Fragment (Lv. 75)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 75).
Unidentified Armor Cube Fragment (Lv. 75)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 75).
Unidentified Weapon Cube Fragment (Lv. 120)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 120).
Unidentified Armor Cube Fragment (Lv. 120)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 120).
Unidentified Weapon Cube Fragment (Lv. 170)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 170).
Unidentified Armor Cube Fragment (Lv. 170)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 170).
Unidentified Weapon Cube Fragment (Lv. 220)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 220).
Unidentified Armor Cube Fragment (Lv. 220)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 220).
Unidentified Weapon Cube Fragment (Lv. 270)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 270).
Unidentified Armor Cube Fragment (Lv. 270)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 270).
Unidentified Weapon Cube Fragment (Lv. 315)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv. 315).
Unidentified Armor Cube Fragment (Lv. 315)
Collect 8 fragments like this and use them to obtain one Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv. 315).
Tea Set
Delicious aromatic tea served with sweet biscuits.
Plate Cover
One can only guess the delicious food that's inside.
TOS Placard
A placard welcoming all players to Tree of Savior.
Ceremonial Knife
A knife produced for ceremonial purposes. Not used as a weapon.
Old Fishing Rod
Success chance: 7.1%{nl}A basic rod to go fishing. Doesn't look too reliable.
Klaipeda Fishing Rod
Success chance: 7.1%{nl}A rod made for fishing. It is said to have been given to participants of a festival in Klaipeda.
Bamboo Fishing Rod
Success chance: 9.3%{nl}A rod made for fishing. It looks a little sturdier than basic rods.
Worm
A type of bait used for fishing. It doesn't usually attract big prizes.
Small Silver Fish
A small fish obtained from a Fishing Spot. It's better than a worm when used as bait.
Shrimp
A good type of bait used for fishing. You can expect it to attract nice prizes.
Lure
A great type of bait used for fishing. You can expect it to attract very nice prizes.
Paste Bait
Added success chance: 0.5%{nl}Duration: 10 min{nl}Use it in a Fishing Spot to increase your chances of success.
Advanced Paste Bait
Added success chance: 2.2%{nl}Duration: 10 min{nl}Use it in a Fishing Spot to increase your chances of success.
Fishing Bonfire
Decreases fishing cycle by 10 sec.{nl}Duration: 10 min{nl}Can only be used in Fishing Spots.
Professional Bonfire
Decreases fishing cycle by 10 sec.{nl}Duration: 30 min{nl}Can only be used in Fishing Spots.
Red Fish
A small red fish.
Silver Fish
A big silver fish. You can grill it over a fire.
Golden Fish
A beautiful golden fish.
Soaked Enhancement Card
An Enhancement Card soaked in water. It can be used to increase the EXP of other cards by +300.
Request Complete Certificate
A certificate proving the completion of a request by the Golden Note mercenaries.
Golden Note Potion
Right-click to use.{nl}Increases max. HP by +3,000 for 1 hour.
Believer's Potion
Right-click to use.{nl}Increases physical and magic attack by +100 for 1 hour.
Festival Cardboard Box
Use it when you need some time out.
Mercenary Badge
A badge that will prove yourself to the Doppelsoeldner Master.
Pledge of the Blade Potion
Right-click to use.{nl}Increases physical and magic defense by +100 for 1 hour.
Balloon: 
Use to hold the balloon.
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Balloon: T
Balloon: O
Balloon: S
Balloon: {img star_mark 20 20}
The fifth revelation found at the Mage Tower. Readable.
Fish Tank Helmet
Helmet
With this helmet you can look at fish from up close!
Diver Helmet
Optimized for full submersion.
White Shorts Costume (Male)
A cool swimwear look featuring white shorts. Use to change your appearance.
Sling Bikini Costume (Female)
A sexy white bikini for a summer-ready Savior. Use to change your appearance.
Rash Guard Costume (Male)
Get your surfer vibes on with this rash guard costume. Use to change your appearance.
Rash Guard Costume (Female)
Trunks Costume (Male)
Your basic swimming trunks, good for any beach activities. Use to change your appearance.
One-piece Swimsuit Costume (Female)
Go for the sporty look with this one-piece swimsuit. Use to change your appearance.
Flamingo Float White Shorts (Male)
White shorts look cooler with a flamingo anyways. Use to change your appearance.
Flamingo Float Sling Bikini (Female)
White bikinis look cooler with a flamingo anyways. Use to change your appearance.
Duck Float Rash Guard (Male)
You can look cool and cute with this duck float. Use to change your appearance.
Duck Float Rash Guard (Female)
Flippers Trunks Costume (Male)
Try not to trip on your flippers there. Use to change your appearance.
Flippers One-piece Costume (Female)
Try not to trip on your flippers there. Use to change your appearance.
Shark Water Gun
Great for pranking your friends at the beach or having a water gun fight!
Watermelon Ice Cream
The quintessential summer fruit, now in ice cream form.
N/A
N/A
N/A
Surf Board
Complete your surfer look with a real surfing board.
[Klaipeda] Goddess Sculpture Head
A material item retrieved from a monster.{nl}Collect all the 4 parts of the sculpture and a recipe to craft a Restored Goddess Sculpture.
[All cities] Goddess Sculpture Wings
[Orsha] Goddess Sculpture Torso
[Fedimian] Goddess Sculpture Legs
[Event] Restored Goddess Sculpture
A restored goddess sculpture.{nl}Use to receive a reward of your choice.{nl}(Will be deleted at the end of the event period.)
[Event] Golden Chest of Grace
A golden chest obtained from a goddess sculpture.{nl}What prizes does it hold? Use it and find out.{nl}(Will be deleted at the end of the event period.)
Bunnies Arm Band
A cute arm band featuring a bunny face.
White Nurse Arm Band
A lovely heart gives a nice touch to this arm band.
Superior Spirit Band (15 Days)
Superior Saint Band (15 Days)
Superior Solid Band (15 Days)
Superior Epica Band (15 Days)
Superior Swift Band (15 Days)
Mercenary Uniform (Male)
The uniform given to trainee mercenaries. Use to change your appearance.
Mercenary Uniform (Female)
Modern Black Bunny Girl (Female)
A chic black bunny costume. Use to change your appearance.
Modern Black Bunny Boy (Male)
A chic black bunny costume. Use to change your appearance.
Hot Red Bunny Girl (Female)
A fiery red bunny costume. Use to change your appearance.
Hot Red Bunny Boy (Male)
A fiery red bunny costume. Use to change your appearance.
Lovely Pink Bunny Girl (Female)
A sweet pink bunny costume. Use to change your appearance.
Lovely Pink Bunny Boy (Male)
A sweet pink bunny costume. Use to change your appearance.
Romantic Pink Nurse (Female)
A sweet pink nurse costume. Use to change your appearance.
Romantic Pink Nurse (Male)
Sky Blue Nurse (Female)
A bright and blue nurse costume. Use to change your appearance.
Sky Blue Nurse (Male)
Pure White Nurse (Female)
A traditional white nurse costume. Use to change your appearance.
Pure White Nurse (Male)
Wing Test
Balloon Wings
[Premium] Wings
A pair of wings made out of balloons. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.
Broken Pink Heart Wings
A pair of wings shaped like a sad, broken heart. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.
Small Steam Punk Wings
A pair of wings modeled after an eagle's. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.
Small Mint Angel Wings
The true wings of an angel. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.
Use to obtain 1 random Monster Gem.{nl}Contains Monster Gems related to Swordsman, Wizard, Archer and Cleric classes.
Monster Gem Box: Rank 2
Use to obtain 1 random Monster Gem.{nl}Contains Monster Gems related to Highlander, Priest, Krivis, Pyromancer, Cryomancer, Quarrel Shooter and Ranger classes.
Nurse Toy Cube
Obtain 1 random hospital toy.
Bunny Toy Cube
Obtain 1 random bunny toy.
Bunny Costume Box (Female)
Use to select one of the following costumes.{nl}- Modern Black Bunny Girl (Female){nl}- Lovely Pink Bunny Girl (Female){nl}- Hot Red Bunny Girl (Female)
Bunny Costume Box (Male)
Use to select one of the following costumes.{nl}- Modern Black Bunny Boy (Male){nl}- Lovely Pink Bunny Boy (Male){nl}- Hot Red Bunny Boy (Male)
Nurse Costume Box (Female)
Use to select one of the following costumes.{nl}- Sky Blue Nurse (Female){nl}- Romantic Pink Nurse (Female){nl}- Pure White Nurse (Female)
Nurse Costume Box (Male)
Use to select one of the following costumes.{nl}- Sky Blue Nurse (Male){nl}- Romantic Pink Nurse (Male){nl}- Pure White Nurse (Male)
Pengmarine Egg
Blue Lemonade Toy
A refreshing blue lemonade set to play with, or drink.
Sweet Parfait Toy
Yum! What's better than a sweet parfait?
Ouchie Syringe Toy
This might hurt a little.
HP Drip Toy
Play hospital and treat your patients with a much-needed HP drip.
Superior Bracelet Box (7 Days)
Use to obtain one Superior Bracelet (15 Days) of your choice.
Title - Giving Shade
A title given to winners of the 2017 Hot Hot Summer Fan Art Festival. Right-click to use.
Helmet [Female]
Helmet [Male]
Wear to change the appearance of your head. Hair Dyes will not apply.
Hanaming Head (Male)
Kepa Head (Male)
Hanaming Head (Female)
Kepa Head (Female)
Two-handed Battle Maul
Two-handed Blunt Weapon [Strike]
Two-handed Rune Mace
Migantis Two-handed Mace
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this mace, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant mace.
Pevordimas Two-handed Mace
There is strong magic actively flowing through this mace.
Krendall Two-handed Mace
Despite appearing heavy, this mace is made from a light ore that allows for easy handling regardless of muscular strength.
Reine Two-handed Mace
Pajoritas Two-Handed Mace
Purine Migantis Two-handed Mace
Purine Pevordimas Two-handed Mace
Vienarazis Two-handed Mace
This mace's power has been evelated to the absolute maximum.
Skull Breaker
Like the name suggests, this brutal weapon is optimized to break bones.
Lolopanther Two-handed Mace
Solmiki Two-handed Mace
 - 10% chance of reducing the enemy's physical/magic defense by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}20% for 10 seconds (cooldown time 80 seconds)
Anti Shield Necklace (7 Days)
A necklace containing a peculiar brand of power. Does it work? That remains to be seen.
Anti Magic Necklace (7 Days)
Superior Spirit Band (7 Days)
Superior Saint Band (7 Days)
Superior Solid Band (7 Days)
Superior Epica Band (7 Days)
Superior Swift Band (7 Days)
Stuffed Animal Costume
A costume to the image a cute stuffed animal. Use to change your appearance.
Turn into a green-eyed tuxedo kitty with this costume. No one will resist your adorable pink toe jelly beans! Use to change your appearance.
Golden Champion Costume (Male)
 - Reduces damage received in PvP by 3%
A costume granted to top-ranked players in Team Battle League. Use to change your appearance.{nl}The costume will be deleted at the end of the TBL season.
Golden Champion Costume (Female)
Black Champion Costume (Male)
 - Reduces damage received in PvP by 5%
A costume granted to the winner of 1st place in Team Battle League. Use to change your appearance.{nl}The costume will be deleted at the end of the TBL season.
Black Champion Costume (Female)
Flamingo Float White Shorts (Male)
White shorts look cooler with a flamingo anyways. Use to change your appearance.
Flamingo Float Sling Bikini (Female)
White bikinis look cooler with a flamingo anyways. Use to change your appearance.
More than protection, the attire of a gladiator is first and foremost about showmanship. A perfect armor decreases the enjoyment of the audience, which is why the Murmillo's covers only half of the body.
The cloth around the neck allows a Shinobi to cover their face when necessary. Doing so tells the adversary that they are a Shinobi without revealing their identity.
Fencers require costly, high-quality garments, as even those of humble origins are connected with the higher classes through education or war. The Hutton family has long promoted the use of official uniforms for lower-class Fencers, which resulted in the extravagant fashions of traditional Fencer clothing being all but eliminated. This helped boost the status of lower-class Fencers, and it was the first step towards popularizing the occupation.
Dragoons, often descendants of nobility, tend to dress in a slightly ostentatious fashion. This, of course, does not diminish their ability in combat.
Templars first started to wear the purple mantle as they began to separate themselves from the clergy by order of the empire. One could say the mantle is a symbol of royal authority over the church.
Lancer garments are made with a type of metallic fabric that can maintain a good degree of malleability.
Class garments are often adopted by the nobility for fashion purposes, regardless of their relation to the job. The same cannot be said for Sage clothing. Despite their trendy appearance, Sage clothes are produced with strong-smelling chemicals which, while helpful in keeping bookworms at bay, make the outfits unattractive to fashion-oriented folk.
Warlocks may not be the most popular class in the social sphere, but their presence has long been customary at all kinds of gatherings. Because of this, Warlock garments are purposely made to look appropriate for balls and formal parties.
Featherfoots originate from outside the kingdom and research on them is scarce. Because of this, little is known about the elements of their clothing.
Despite their light appearance, Rune Caster garments are made to protect the wearer against the cold, while allowing for movement in warmer weather. This is a reflection of the climate in which Rune Caster clothing is produced.
Enchanters tend to value efficiency and performance over appearance, which is why their clothing is often simple and unadorned.
Appraisers are known to be fond of comfortable clothing, although they tend to wear formal garments whenever they are required to contact with higher-class customers. This outfit is an example of that.
The thick material of Falconer clothes is resistant to the hawk's claws, while also protecting them from damage.
Cannoneer outfits were originally similar to typical blacksmith clothing. With time, however, the class gained a higher status and its attire began to look more elegant.
Today's Musketeer garb is an exact replica of the royal honor guard uniforms worn centuries ago. Curiously, the honor guard now wears a modern version of those uniforms.
The purpose of Mergen attire in its culture of origin continues to be unknown in the kingdom. So far, the Mergen Master has provided no clues to this mystery.
Chaplain clothing combines colors and elements symbolizing the goddesses to convey a sense of security to battling soldiers. Despite this, the philosophy behind Chaplain garments does not allow for their adaptation to real combat situations.
These garments are known to be highly resistant to dirt, allowing them to last for longer periods of time without washing. Not only that, they are designed for easy laundering.
Traditionally, the ornaments in Kabbalist clothing each represent a different academic achievement. However, the lack of enforcement of this custom by the current Kabbalist Master has made it so that even beginners have started to wear the ornaments freely.
The Inquisitor's stole was originally worn only in occasions of judgement. Today, with the goddesses disappeared, it is worn at all times to help propagate the Inquisitors' doctrine.
Taoist garments are reminiscent of the style based in past academic traditions.
Miko clothing reflects the traditions of its culture of origin, resulting in a visible contrast with the local fashions of the kingdom. With the emerging status of Mikos in society, their style is also likely to influence future trends in the kingdom.
A pirate hat adorned with a red feather.{nl}Commonly used by working Corsairs.
Explorer's Rosa Rugosa
Explorer's Fedora
Explorer's Red Flower Headgear
Battle Potion
Increases attack +100, attack speed +80 and movement speed +3 for 10 minutes.{nl}Reduces damage received by 5%. Right-click to use. Cooldown 60 minutes.
Condensed Battle Potion
Increases attack +100, attack speed +80 and movement speed +3 for 30 minutes.{nl}Reduces damage received by 5%. Right-click to use. Cooldown 60 minutes.
Increases Critical Damage by 150 for 1 minute. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Critical Rate Potion
Increases your critical rate by 50 for 30 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.
AoE Attack Ratio Potion
Increases your AoE attack ratio by 1 for 1 minute. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Shining Enhancement Card
It seems to contain something unknown. {nl}Right-click to use.
N/A
N/A
It seems to contain something unknown. {nl}Right-click to use.
Monster Gem Box: Rank 2 (Swordsman, Cleric)
Contains one random material item.{nl}Possible items include Monster Gems for Highlander, Peltasta, Priest and Krivis classes.
Monster Gem Box: Rank 2 (Wizard, Archer)
Contains one random material item.{nl}Possible items include Monster Gems for Pyromancer, Cryomancer, Quarrel Shooter, and Ranger classes.
Random Material Box: No. 3
Contains a random item. Right-click to use.{nl}{nl}List of items:{nl}- Artisan Weapon Recipe Box{nl}- Miko Unlock Voucher{nl}- Appraiser Unlock Voucher{nl}- Rune Caster Unlock Voucher{nl}- Shinobi Unlock Voucher{nl}- Rocksodon Box{nl}- Exchange Medal Box Grade S{nl}- Goddess' Blessed Gem Box{nl}- Attribute Point Box Grade A{nl}- Shining Golden Anvil{nl}- Exchange Medal Box Grade AS{nl}- Attribute Point Box Grade B{nl}- EXP Tome Box (x4){nl}- Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher{nl}- Enchant Scroll Box (x3){nl}- Instanced Multiply Token (x3){nl}- Goddess' Blessed Gem{nl}- Shining Superior Gem Abrasive{nl}- Shining Silver Anvil{nl}- Combat Support Box{nl}- Blessed Shard Box{nl}Remember to check the expiration date of this item.
Saalus Cube (Mausoleum)
Saalus Cube (Canyon)
Saalus Cube (Castle)
TBL Reward Box
A box containing Team Battle League rewards, including items helpful in combat.
TBL Ranking Reward Box
A box containing Team Battle League rewards for the top 50 players, including items helpful in combat.
TBL Winners Reward Box
A box containing Team Battle League rewards for the top 3 players, including items helpful in combat.
Small Pouch of Appreciation
A pouch containing a gift from someone you helped. Right-click to use and receive one of many material items.
Box of Honest Gratitude
A box containing a gift from someone you helped. Right-click to use and receive one of many material items.
Big Chest of Kindness
A chest containing a gift from someone you helped. Right-click to use and receive one of many material items.
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Earth Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of using Lv1 Pain Barrier upon being hit
[Card Equip Effect] Strike Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Flying-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Plate-wearing enemies
[Card Equip Effect] STR +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Dark Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*20]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Mutant-type property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Pierce weapons
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Earth property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Amplification +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Medium-sized monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance of attack inflicting Shock for 3 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 3% SP when hit by Large-sized monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Mutant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Movement Speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}/5] for 10 seconds after using Stamina potions
[Card Equip Effect] STR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] SP Recovery +[{img star_mark 20 20}*6]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Ice property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Devil-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Leather-wearing enemies
[Card Equip Effect] +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against petrified enemies
[Card Equip Effect] Block +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]
[Card Equip Effect] DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Small-sized monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Attack speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}] when equipping two-handed weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Earth property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Evasion +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Beast-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Earth Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance of attack inflicting Poison for 6 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] Stamina +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] Ice Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Fire property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Silence Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% per attack of reducing damage received by 10% for 5 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] Lightning Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Pierce Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Dark property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Poison property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against sleeping enemies
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Fire property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Lightning property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Holy Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Holy Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Dark property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Plant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Cloth-wearing enemies
[Card Equip Effect] +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against stunned enemies
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 6 seconds after using SP potions
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Insect-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Ice property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Large-sized monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Poison Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Poison property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Block Penetration +[{img star_mark 20 20}*1.5]
[Card Equip Effect] Carry Weight +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% damage against Boss monsters
[Card Equip Effect] HP Recovery +[{img star_mark 20 20}*30]
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*5], Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*5]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Lightning property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Poison Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*5]
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum SP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*30]
[Card Equip Effect] +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against frozen enemies
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance of attack inflicting Bleeding for 6 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against Stationary-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Attack speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}] when equipping one-handed weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Missile weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Dark Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 1% SP when hit by Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Sleep Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum HP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*90], Maximum SP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*15]
[Card Equip Effect] STR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Accuracy +[{img star_mark 20 20}*1.5]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of resurrecting with 10% HP after becoming incapable of combat
[Card Equip Effect] Blind Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Slash Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Bleeding Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Slash weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*5]
[Card Equip Effect] INT +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% HP when hit by Small-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance per attack of increasing movement speed +4 for 6 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] INT +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases [{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against knocked-down enemies
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Lightning Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Stun Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%, Sleep Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] AoE Attack Ratio +[{img star_mark 20 20}/5]
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum HP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*180]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance of attack inflicting Slow for 3 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 2% HP when hit by Medium-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Stun Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum Sub Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*3]
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Ice Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] STR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] Add. Fire Property Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] INT +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 3% HP when hit by Large-sized monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Fire Property Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
Marnox Card
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Rate +[{img star_mark 20 20}*1.5]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Marnox when using Summoning
Zaura Card
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Zaura when using Summoning
Prison Cutter Card
[Card Equip Effect] +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against bleeding enemies
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Prison Cutter when using Summoning
Ferret Marauder Card
[Card Equip Effect] Provocation per attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
Velnia Monkey Card
[Card Equip Effect] +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% damage against poisoned enemies
Enhancement Card: 300 (TBL Reward)
It can be used to increase the EXP of other cards by +300.
Enhancement Card: 300
Copper Bar
A bar made of pure copper.
Consumed when using the Forge skill.
Consumed when using the Shield Charger skill.
A baby pig egg obtained as an Adventure Journal reward. Right-click to use and register your Companion.{nl}This Companion can be mounted without a riding skill.
[Reward] Guinea Pig Egg
Right-click to use and receive the Companion instantly.
Flamingo Fishing Rod
Success chance: 7.6%{nl}A rod made for fishing. It may look odd, but it certainly looks good with a swimsuit.
Carrot Fishing Rod
Success chance: 8.2%{nl}A rod made for fishing. Think of it this way: if you can't catch a fish, at least you can eat the rod.
Basic Old Fishing Rod
Success chance: 5.1%{nl}A basic rod to go fishing. Doesn't look too reliable.
Success chance: 13.6%{nl}A rod made for fishing. It somehow looks like it would fish a lot of interesting things.
A type of bait used for fishing. Fish like it.
A small fish caught with a rod. When used as bait, you have a higher chance of catching things other than fish.
A good type of bait used for fishing. You have a higher chance of catching things other than fish with this bait.
Basic Bait
Added success chance: 3.3%{nl}Duration: 10 min{nl}Use it in a Fishing Spot to increase your chances of success. Cooldown 10 minutes.
Added success chance: 5.5%{nl}Duration: 10 min{nl}Use it in a Fishing Spot to increase your chances of success. Cooldown 10 minutes.
Decreases fishing cycle by 5 sec.{nl}Duration: 10 min{nl}Can only be used in Fishing Spots. Cooldown 10 minutes.
Decreases fishing cycle by 10 sec.{nl}Duration: 30 min{nl}Can only be used in Fishing Spots. Cooldown 10 minutes.
Cherry Blossom Cube
Enhancement Card: 500 (14 Days)
The whale's treasure.{nl}What secrets could it hold?
Enhancement Coupon: 100,000 Silver
Enhancement Coupon
Master Cube
A reward from the Letas Stream Mission.{nl}(The Masters' Unit Event)
Master Badge
Companion Voucher
Adventure Journal Reward Item
A Companion Voucher obtained as an Adventure Journal Reward. Collect 20 and exchange them for a Companion at the Wings of Vaivora.
Team Storage Expansion Voucher +2
Right-click to use. Increases your Team Storage slots by +2.
Team Storage Expansion Voucher +1
Right-click to use. Increases your Team Storage slots by +1.
Use to grow a sprout containing all the grace of the goddesses.
Monster Card Album: Red
An album with a collection of cards. You're advised to read it in a quiet, secluded place.{nl}Can be used from level 100 and up.{nl}Use to summon a level 330 boss monster. The summoned boss disappears after 10 minutes.{nl}Can only be used in fields.
Monster Card Album: Blue
Monster Card Album: Green
Monster Card Album: Purple
Soaked Monster Card Album
A card album soaked in water. You're advised to read it in a quiet, secluded place.{nl}Can be used from level 100 and up.{nl}Use to summon a level 330 boss monster. The summoned boss disappears after 10 minutes.{nl}Can only be used in fields.
Dead Crops
Crops grown at the Gytis Settlement Area. Unfortunately they all withered and died.
Lost Goods
Goods lost by a merchant. Includes all sorts of objects intended for sale.
Expensive Goods
Goods lost by a merchant. Includes pricier objects intended for sale.
Merchant Ledger
A ledger, apparently belonging to a merchant. Contains all sorts of transaction records.
Priest-grade Holy Water
Holy water distributed by a Priest. Can be used to purify the contaminated landmarks of Starving Demon's Way.
Monster Gem Box: Rank 3
Use to obtain 1 random Monster Gem.{nl}Contains Monster Gems related to Hoplite, Barbarian, Psychokino, Linker, Hunter, Sapper, Bokor and Dievdirbys classes.
Unlock Voucher Selection Box
Allows you to select one of the following secret class Unlock Vouchers:{nl} - Shinobi{nl} - Miko{nl} - Rune Caster{nl} - Appraiser
Title - Monster Inker
A title given to winners of the Halloween Fan Art Festival. Right-click to use.
Shark Head Costume
A helmet that resembles a Shark Head.  Your appearance will change when you equip this.
Ghost Pirate Captain Hat Costume
A helmet made to resemble the ghost pirate of legends. Your appearance will change when you equip this.
Dragoon Helmet
Jack-o'-Lantern Helmet
A helmet that mimics the appearance of an evil face carved into a pumpkin.
Chuseok Hanbok Costume (Male)
A garment worn during Chuseok ceremonies. Your appearance will change if you equip this.
Chuseok Hanbok Costume (Female)
Vampire Costume (Male)
A spooky Vampire Costume.  Your appearance will change if you equip this.
Vampire Costume (Female)
Glow-in-the-Dark Skeleton Costume
A scary Jack-o'-Lantern Costume.  Your appearance will change if you equip this.
[Event] Newt Robe
[Event] Newt Leather Armor
[Event] Newt Plate Armor
[Event] Newt Pants
[Event] Newt Leather Pants
[Event] Newt Plate Leggings
[Event] Newt Boots
[Event] Newt Leather Boots
[Event] Newt Plate Greaves
[Event] Newt Gloves
[Event] Newt Leather Gloves
[Event] Newt Plate   Gauntlets
[Event] Pierene Sword
[Event] Gale Slasher
[Event] Lionhead Dagger
[Event] Pygry Spear
[Event] Sacmet
[Event] Elga Rapier
[Event] Vienarazis Mace
[Event] Vienarazis Staff
[Event] Windia Rod
[Event] Silver Hawk
[Event] Aufgowle Bow
[Event] Double Stack
[Event] Lionhead Cannon
[Event] Dragoon Piper
Bat Wings
A pair of wings modeled after a bat.  Unfortunately they don't let you fly
Spider Web Wings
A pair of wings made from twigs and spider webs.  Unfortunately they don't let you fly
Bamboo Spear
A longish spear made from bamboo.
Pumpkin Lantern
A lantern made by carving a face into a pumpkin and placing a candle inside.
Tamer's Blue Orb
Will summom a monster when used.
Can only be used
during the event mission.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Special Monster Trapper
Will install a monster trap when used.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Monster Energy
Event material item.{nl}Can be used to increase the level of captured monsters.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
LV1 Blue Cube
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Talt{nl} - Fortune Cookie{nl} - 500 Attribute Points{nl} - Advanced Gem Abrasive (14 Days)
LV2 Blue Cube
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Talt{nl} - Fortune Cookie{nl} - 500 Attribute Points{nl} - Advanced Gem Abrasive (14 Days){nl} - Silver Anvil (14 Days)
LV3 Blue Cube
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Talt{nl} - Fortune Cookie{nl} - 500 Attribute Points{nl} - Advanced Gem Abrasive (14 Days){nl} - Silver Anvil (14 Days){nl}   - Golden Anvil (14 Days)
LV4 Blue Cube
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Talt{nl} - Fortune Cookie{nl} - 500 Attribute Points{nl} - 1000 Attribute Points{nl} -Advanced Gem Abrasive (14 Days){nl} - Silver Anvil (14 Days){nl} - Golden Anvil (14 Days)
LV5 Blue Cube
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Talt{nl} - Fortune Cookie{nl} - 500 Attribute Points{nl} - 1000 Attribute Points{nl} - Advanced Gem Abrasive (14 Days){nl} - Silver Anvil (14 Days){nl} - Golden Anvil (14 Days){nl} - Level 270 Event Armor
LV6 Blue Cube
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Talt{nl} - Fortune Cookie{nl} - 500 Attribute Points{nl} - 1000 Attribute Points{nl} - Advanced Gem Abrasive (14 Days){nl} - Silver Anvil (14 Days){nl} - Golden Anvil (14 Days){nl} - Level 270 Event Armor{nl} - Level 315 Event   Weapon
Event Armor Box (Lv.270)
Use to select one level 270 equipment.
Event Weapon Box (Lv. 315)
Use to select one level 315 equipment.
Pieces of Blue Orb
Event material item.{nl}Can be exchanged for useful items.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
New Savior's Tome (14 Days)
Increases the EXP gains of all party members by 50% for 60 minutes.
Returning Savior's Book (14 Days)
Increases all party members maximum HP +2000, maximum SP +1000, and Movement Speed +1 for 60 minutes.
Returning Savior's Potion (30 Days)
Increases physical attack +500 and magic attack +500 for 60 minutes.{nl}(Does not disappear after use).
Goddess' Medal
Seems like something good will happen. {nl}(Collected medals can be exchanged at the Event Notice Board.)
Lv315 Crafter's Ore Chest (14 Days)
Gives one random item when used.{nl} - Portium{nl} - Phydecium{nl} - Ferinium{nl} - Artilonium
A spooky skeleton costume that glows in the dark! Use to change your appearance.
Keitrys Regeneracy Potion
Increases HP recovery by 800 for 3 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown 180 seconds.
Keitrys Elemental Curse Potion
When attacking an enemy, there is a 10% chance of applying a curse that is either a Fire, Ice, Poison or Lightning property to the target. The target then receives 1500 ~2000 damage per second, lasting 6 seconds. Potion's effects last for 2 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Keitrys Elemental Enhance Potion
Property damage is temporarily increased by 200 for a randomly chosen property between Fire, Ice, Lightning and Earth properties. Potion's effects last for 2 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 180 seconds.
Lv 250 EXP Boost
Increases the EXP of your character by 558,595,825. Right-click to use.
[Kupole] EXP Booster
Increases the EXP of your character by 974,470,022. Right-click to use.
[Kupole] Rank 8 Card
Title - Dungeon Creeper
Right-click to obtain the title of Dungeon Creeper.
Title - Certified Trick-or-Treater
Right-click to obtain the title of Certified Trick-or-Treater.
Monster Gem Box: Rank 4
Obtain 1 random Monster Gem.{nl}Contains gems for classes Cataphract, Rodelero, Thaumaturge, Elementalist, Wugushi, Scout, Sadhu and Paladin.
Solmiki Selection Box
Allows you to obtain one Solmiki item of your choice. Right-click to use.{nl}Your selected item cannot be reverted or refunded.
2017 Halloween Cube (Female) x10+1
Halloween Firecracker
A firecracker to celebrate Halloween. Right-click to use.
Odd Candy
An odd collection of candy in a neat pumpkin basket. Can be obtained from the Halloween event dungeon.
2017 Halloween Commemorative Note
Right-click to view the commemorative image.
Title - Companions for Life
A title given to winners of the Companion Maker event. Right-click to use.
Demon Device Fragment
A red fragment from a demon device. It releases evil energy and magic.
Loremaster Bottle
A finely decorated water bottle. Loremaster Emmanuelis filled it with holy water intended for purification.
Zealot Crystal Necklace
A necklace that feels both sacred and strangely eerie. According to the Zealot Master, it is a tool used to teach newcomers.
Sugar Treat
A tasty pumpkin-shaped treat obtained from the Halloween event dungeon. You can obtain a maximum of 300 treats per run.
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Pierce weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Missile weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Slash weapons
Winter Night Costume (Male)
A costume reflecting the beauty of stargazing on clear winter nights.  Your appearance will change if you equip this.
Winter Night Costume (Female)
Penguin Bubble Wrap
Poodle Bubble Wrap
Popolion Bubble Wrap
Cat Fan
Hanaming Fan
Poodle Fan
Kepa Fan
Penguin Fan
Popolion Fan
Use to produce a cute pop-up book. The pop-up book will automatically disappear after re-use. After 10 seconds the pop-up book will automatically disappear.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in Exchange Shop.
Boost Pack(14 Days)
Penguin-shaped bubble wrap, for all your stress relieving needs.
So soft, so cute! It's the new poodle bubble wrap! Pop it now!
Pop the little bubble wrap around the Popolion and feel 1,000 times better.
If you want to look at cute kitties all the time, this is the fan for you.
A pink Hanaming fan goes well with any outfit on a hot day.
Put a smile on everyone's faces with this adorable poodle fan.
Fan away the heat with this friendly Kepa. Don't worry, it doesn't smell like a real Kepa.
Look at your cute penguin fan whenever you need to remind yourself of something cold.
You're not a true Popolion fan if you don't have one of these.
Blue Cube
Use to obtain one of the following random items.{nl}- Believer's Potion{nl}- Talt{nl}- Fortune Cookie{nl}- Attribute Points: 500{nl}- Attribute Points: 1,000{nl}- Advanced Gem Abrasive: 14 Days{nl}- Instance Multiply Token (14 Days){nl}- Enchant Scroll (14 Days){nl}- Silver Anvil (14 Days){nl}- Event Armor{nl}- Lv 315 Event Weapon
Title - First-rate Adventurer
Title given to players who achieved no. 1 in the Adventure Journal ranking. Right-click to use.
Practonium Box
Contains Practonium x5. Right-click to use.
G9 Armband
G9 Savior's Armband
Dionys Armband
An armband produced to the image of Vakarine's Dyonis.
Sweet Dumpling Helmet Costume
Sweet Dumpling
(Old) Replica Migantis Sword
(Old) Replica Pevordimas Sword
(Faded) Migantis Sword
(Faded) Pevordimas Sword
Raffye Sword
A piece of equipment that represents the laurel wreath, a symbol of Nachel I, who was considered to be King of the Kingdom.
(Faded) Fyringy
(Faded) Harvester
(Faded) Sketis Sword
(Faded) Pajoritas Sword
(Faded) Purine Migantis Sword
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Sword
Berthas Migantis Sword
Berthas Pevordimas Sword
Berthas Fyringy
Berthas Harvester
Berthas Sketis Sword
Berthas Pajoritas Sword
Berthas Raffye Sword
Primus Migantis Sword
Primus Pevordimas Sword
Primus Fyringy
Primus Harvester
Primus Sketis Sword
Primus Pajoritas Sword
Primus Raffye Sword
Masinios Sword
Masinios is a wizard who lived in the era of King Frienel. He came up with a very unique idea, which was to combine the power of magic with machinery and this is one of the results of his application. This sword is a product near the end of his life which reflects latter days of his research.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Two-handed Sword
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
(Faded) Migantis Two-handed Sword
(Faded) Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
Raffye Two-handed Sword
(Faded) Paulownia
(Faded) Crystaras
(Faded) Sketis Two-Handed Sword
(Faded) Pajoritas Two-Handed Sword
(Faded) Purine Migantis Two-handed Sword
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
Berthas Paulownia
Berthas Crystaras
Berthas Sketis Two-handed Sword
Berthas Pajoritas Two-handed Sword
Berthas Migantis Two-handed Sword
Berthas Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
Berthas Raffye Two-handed Sword
Primus Paulownia
Primus Crystaras
Primus Sketis Two-handed Sword
Primus Pajoritas Two-handed Sword
Primus Migantis Two-handed Sword
Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword
Primus Raffye Two-handed Sword
Masinios Two-handed Sword
 - 1% chance on attack per nearby enemy, up to 10%, to gain a stack. Upon gaining 5 stacks, gain the [War Mode] status for 10 seconds{nl} {nl}War Mode{nl} - Physical Attack {img green_up_arrow 16 16}120 AoE Attack Ratio {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl} - Physical Defense {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 400 Maximum HP {img red_down_arrow 16 16}2000
Because magic can resolve a lot of issues with ease, there was no need for a mechanism to transfer physical forces such as gears. However, Masinios was preoccupied with the idea of transferring magical power thorough machines. Only that this two-hand sword was created in his early days of his research. But due to that fact, the magical effect from this weapon is rather quite strong.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Rod
(Faded)  Replica Pevordimas Rod
(Faded) Migantis Rod
(Faded) Pevordimas Rod
Raffye Rod
(Faded) Baule Sphere
(Faded) Pamane Rod
(Faded) Sketis Rod
(Faded) Pajoritas Rod
(Faded) Purine Migantis Rod
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Rod
Berthas Baule Sphere
Berthas Pamane Rod
Berthas Sketis Rod
Berthas Pajoritas Rod
Berthas Migantis Rod
Berthas Pevordimas Rod
Berthas Raffye Rod
Primus Baule Sphere
Primus Pamane Rod
Primus Sketis Rod
Primus Pajoritas Rod
Primus Migantis Rod
Primus Pevordimas Rod
Primus Raffye Rod
Masinios Rod
 - 10% chance on skill attack to gain SPR {img green_up_arrow 16 16}5{nl}Stacks up to 10 times
For an equipment made by Masinios, it has a very wizard-like design.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Bow
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Bow
(Faded) Migantis Bow
(Faded) Pevordimas Bow
Raffye Bow
(Faded) Even Eye
(Faded) Devini Bow
(Faded) Sketis Bow
(Faded) Pajoritas Bow
(Faded) Purine Migantis Bow
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Bow
Berthas Even Eye
Berthas Devini Bow
Berthas Sketis Bow
Berthas Pajoritas Bow
Berthas Migantis Bow
Berthas Pevordimas Bow
Berthas Raffye Bow
Primus Even Eye
Primus Devini Bow
Primus Sketis Bow
Primus Pajoritas Bow
Primus Migantis Bow
Primus Pevordimas Bow
Primus Raffye Bow
Masinios Bow
 - 10% chance on attack to decrease Critical Resistance by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}10 for 5 seconds{nl}Stacks up to 20 times
Rumor has it all, but when this bow was revealed to the world, Lucid Winterspoon mentions that it would have been nice if Masinios had actually experienced combat as a different class and broadened his thinking. Of course, this cannot be confirmed as she rarely answers questions about people who lived in the same era as her past.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Crossbow
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Crossbow
(Faded) Migantis Crossbow
(Faded) Pevordimas Crossbow
Raffye Crossbow
(Faded) Star Shooter
(Faded) Chrisius Shooter
(Faded) Sketis Crossbow
(Faded) Pajoritas Crossbow
(Faded) Purine Migantis Crossbow
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Crossbow
Berthas Star Shooter
Berthas Chrisius Shooter
Berthas Sketis Crossbow
Berthas Pajoritas Crossbow
Berthas Migantis Crossbow
Berthas Pevordimas Crossbow
Berthas Raffye Crossbow
Primus Star Shooter
Primus Crisius Shooter
Primus Sketis Crossbow
Primus Pajoritas Crossbow
Primus Migantis Crossbow
Primus Pevordimas Crossbow
Primus Raffye Crossbow
Masinios Crossbow
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Rumor has it that many of the later wizards laughed at the fact that Masinios was not able to create an amazing production method for the crossbow where he could demonstrate the advantage of machinery. Another rumor is that Lucid Winterspoon admonished such mages that they were only entitled to say such a thing if they worked on magic theory even half as hard as Masinios and held two master seats.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Mace
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Mace
(Faded) Migantis Mace
(Faded) Pevordimas Mace
Raffye Mace
(Faded) Krendall Mace
(Faded) Reine Mace
(Faded) Sketis Mace
(Faded) Pajoritas Mace
(Faded) Purine Migantis Mace
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Mace
Berthas Krendall Mace
Berthas Reine Mace
Berthas Sketis Mace
Berthas Pajoritas Mace
Berthas Migantis Mace
Berthas Pevordimas Mace
Berthas Raffye Mace
Primus Krendall Mace
Primus Reine Mace
Primus Sketis Mace
Primus Pajoritas Mace
Primus Migantis Mace
Primus Pevordimas Mace
Primus Raffye Mace
Masinios Mace
 - 30% chance to deal a 2000 Lightning property attack
A weapon that uses a physical pipe to magnify magical power instead of jewels which were used by the majority of the great mages of that era. This was a very Masinios-like decision and the product of his early mid days.
(Faded) Migantis Two-handed Mace
(Faded) Pevordimas Two-handed Mace
Raffye Two-handed Mace
(Faded) Krendall Two-handed Mace
(Faded) Reine Two-handed Mace
(Faded) Pajoritas Two-Handed Mace
(Faded) Purine Migantis Two-handed Mace
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Two-handed Mace
Berthas Krendall Two-handed Mace
Berthas Reine Two-handed  Mace
Berthas Pajoritas Two-handed Mace
Berthas Migantis Two-handed Mace
Berthas Pevordimas Two-handed Mace
Berthas Raffye Two-handed Mace
Primus Krendall Two-handed Mace
Primus Reine Two-handed Mace
Primus Pajoritas Two-handed Mace
Primus Migantis Two-handed Mace
Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Mace
Primus Raffye Two-handed Mace
Masinios Two-handed Mace
This is the result of improving the mace made by Masinios himself. Due to the fact that the mace and two-handed mace are distinctly different in performance from each other, it can be seen that it was not his intention. Rather, it can be said that he felt it was okay that this performance came as a result of him trying.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Shield
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Shield
Practice Shield
(Faded) Migantis Shield
(Faded) Pevordimas Shield
Raffye Shield
(Faded) Spike Kindl
(Faded) Rodeleine Shield
(Faded) Sketis Shield
(Faded) Pajoritas Shield
(Faded) Purine Migantis Shield
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Shield
Berthas Spike Kindl
Berthas Rodeleine Shield
Berthas Sketis Shield
Berthas Pajoritas Shield
Berthas Migantis Shield
Berthas Pevordimas Shield
Berthas Raffye Shield
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%{nl}  - 8% chance to reduce damage by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}50% when hit
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}3%{nl}  - All Peltasta skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1 {nl}  - All Rodelero skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Primus Spike Kindl
Primus Rodeleine Shield
Primus Sketis Shield
Primus Pajoritas Shield
Primus Migantis Shield
Primus Pevordimas Shield
Primus Raffye Shield
Masinios Shield
A shield made at the request of an anonymous noble at the time of Masinios. Since then, the recipe was kept a secret, but according to the will of Masinios, it was revealed to the world after his death. This post-death release process has been commonly applied to products that he has made upon the request of several nobles to fund his research.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Spear
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Spear
Practice Short Spear
Prati
(Faded) Migantis Spear
(Faded) Pevordimas Spear
Raffye Spear
(Faded) Fluke Spear
(Faded) Golden Spear
(Faded) Sketis Spear
(Faded) Pajoritas Spear
(Faded) Purine Migantis Spear
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Spear
Berthas Fluke Spear
Berthas Golden Spear
Berthas Sketis Spear
Berthas Pajoritas Spear
Berthas Migantis Spear
Berthas Pevordimas Spear
Berthas Raffye Spear
Primus Fluke Spear
Primus Golden Spear
Primus Sketis Spear
Primus Pajoritas Spear
Primus Migantis Spear
Primus Pevordimas Spear
Primus Raffye Spear
Masinios Spear
 - 5% chance on attack to deal additional damage equal to your Lightning property attack * 10
Masinios was so absorbed in future machinery and could not get enough that he changed his name to Masinios. Because of this, his previous name was forever buried in the darkness of history, never to be known. However, the Masinios Spear is made by the recipe he designed before his renaming, so his name can be traced through the magical power left in the recipe. Since Masinios is not such a popular person from the past, no one has tried so far.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Pike
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Pike
Practice Pike
(Faded) Migantis Pike
(Faded) Pevordimas Pike
Raffye Pike
(Faded) Benesda
(Faded) Reine Pike
(Faded) Sketis Pike
(Faded) Pajoritas Pike
(Faded) Purine Migantis Pike
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Pike
Berthas Benesda
Berthas Reine Pike
Berthas Sketis Pike
Berthas Pajoritas Pike
Berthas Migantis Pike
Berthas Pevordimas Pike
Berthas Raffye Pike
Primus Benesda
Primus Reine Pike
Primus Sketis Pike
Primus Pajoritas Pike
Primus Migantis Pike
Primus Pevordimas Pike
Primus Raffye Pike
Masinios Pike
 - 10% chance on attack to reduce Stamina by 1.5 and apply the [Collision] status. [Collision] will change to [Collision Aftershock] when stacked 10 times within 10 seconds. {nl} {nl} Collision Aftershock{nl} - Applies Slow debuff for 10 seconds {nl} - Physical Defense {img red_down_arrow 16 16}800
This pike is said to have been made to the needs of a certain nobleman when Masinios was no longer paid by the Mages' Association. Wizards of the time would not have been able to understand Masinios, who was researching machinery that could hardly be called magical research.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Dagger
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Dagger
Practice Knife
Equipment given to new Rogues.
(Faded) Migantis Dagger
(Faded) Pevordimas Dagger
Raffye Dagger
(Faded) Short Duelist
(Faded) Small Crystaras
(Faded) Sketis Dagger
(Faded) Pajoritas Dagger
(Faded) Purine Migantis Dagger
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Dagger
Berthas Short Duelist
Berthas Small Crystaras
Berthas Sketis Dagger
Berthas Pajoritas Dagger
Berthas Migantis Dagger
Berthas Pevordimas Dagger
Berthas Raffye Dagger
Primus Short Duelist
Primus Small Crystaras
Primus Sketis Dagger
Primus Pajoritas Dagger
Primus Migantis Dagger
Primus Pevordimas Dagger
Primus Raffye Dagger
Masinios Dagger
 - Increases Backstab damage by 150%
According to rumors, it is said that the recipe was devised at the request of a famous Shinobi of that time. Of course, from Masinios' circumstance the greatest reason was the procurement of funding for his research.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Staff
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Staff
(Faded) Migantis Staff
(Faded) Pevordimas Staff
Raffye Staff
(Faded) Ellinis
(Faded) Tiesa Staff
(Faded) Sketis Staff
(Faded) Pajoritas Staff
(Faded) Purine Migantis Staff
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Staff
Berthas Elinis
Berthas Tiesa Staff
Berthas Sketis Staff
Berthas Pajoritas Staff
Berthas Migantis Staff
Berthas Pevordimas Staff
Berthas Raffye Staff
Primus Elinis
Primus Tiesa Staff
Primus Sketis Staff
Primus Pajoritas Staff
Primus Migantis Staff
Primus Pevordimas Staff
Primus Raffye Staff
Masinios Staff
Once Masinios understood that the devices installed by Agailla Flurry in the Mage Tower operated not on magical power, but the collection and accumulation of a certain power, he applied the same principles to the staff which provided high magic amplification considering the materials and effort required.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Pistol
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Pistol
Practice Pistol
When weapons were introduced in the kingdom, there were many directions for the development. With this weapon, the emphasis is on making it smaller, the convenience for consecutive shootings, and the satisfaction for design.
(Faded) Migantis Pistol
(Faded) Pevordimas Pistol
Raffye Pistol
(Faded) Alcris
(Faded) Pajoritas Pistol
(Faded) Purine Migantis Pistol
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Pistol
Berthas Alcris
Berthas Pajoritas Pistol
Berthas Migantis Pistol
Berthas Pevordimas Pistol
Berthas Raffye Pistol
Primus Alcris
Primus Pajoritas Pistol
Primus Migantis Pistol
Primus Pevordimas Pistol
Primus Raffye Pistol
Masinios Pistol
 - Full Metal Jacket skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}  - Limacon skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}  - Pistol Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
The opinion on the weapon is that while Masinios understood magic and machinery, he did not understand gunpowder, which is why the pistols were made this way.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Rapier
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Rapier
(Faded) Migantis Rapier
(Faded) Pevordimas Rapier
Raffye Rapier
(Faded) Red Karuna
(Faded) Pajoritas Rapier
(Faded) Purine Migantis Rapier
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Rapier
Berthas Red Karuna
Berthas Pajoritas Rapier
Berthas Migantis Rapier
Berthas Pevordimas Rapier
Berthas Raffye Rapier
Primus Red Karuna
Primus Pajoritas Rapier
Primus Migantis Rapier
Primus Pevordimas Rapier
Primus Raffye Rapier
Masinios Rapier
 - 15% chance on attack to gain the [Sharpening] status for 5 seconds. When [Sharpening] stacks 5 times, your next basic attack will hit 5 times. {nl} {nl}Sharpening{nl} - Critical Attack {img green_up_arrow 16 16}60
There are conflicting reasons as to why Masinios as a wizard decided to devote himself to machines, but one theory is that this was due to the penultimate wizard, Agailla Flurry. It is said that he was attracted to the machine within the very Mage Tower she created.  This rapier is said to be crafted during the period of time when Masinios favored magic and considered machinery as just an addition.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Cannon
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Cannon
Equipment given to new Cannoneers.
(Faded) Migantis Cannon
(Faded) Pevordimas Cannon
Raffye Cannon
(Faded) Pajoritas Cannon
(Faded) Purine Migantis Cannon
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Cannon
Berthas Pajoritas Cannon
Berthas Migantis Cannon
Berthas Pevordimas Cannon
Berthas Raffye Cannon
Primus Pajoritas Cannon
Primus Migantis Cannon
Primus Pevordimas Cannon
Primus Raffye Cannon
Masinios Cannon
 - Sweeping Cannon skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}  - Bazooka skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
It is of common opinion to say that the gears, including the gears in the Mage Tower, are not devices that use magic, but rather a device that draws a certain power and collects it in the tower. Masinios misunderstood this point and immersed himself in machinery, so the weapons he invented could have been much better, but they are not. This is also true of the cannon.
(Faded) Replica Migantis Musket
(Faded) Replica Pevordimas Musket
(Faded) Migantis Musket
(Faded) Pevordimas Musket
Raffye Musket
(Faded) Pajoritas Musket
(Faded) Purine Migantis Musket
(Faded) Purine Pevordimas Musket
Berthas Pajoritas Musket
Berthas Migantis Musket
Berthas Pevordimas Musket
Berthas Raffye Musket
Primus Pajoritas Musket
Primus Migantis Musket
Primus Pevordimas Musket
Primus Raffye Musket
Masinios Musket
 - 10% chance when critically attacking to decrease the enemy's Block {img red_down_arrow 16 16}400
The Masinios musket was a completely new musket design created in the latter half of Masinios' life. It is considered a success among his attempts to combine magic and machinery.
(Faded) Replica Kalinis Robe
(Faded) Replica Albinosas Leather Armor
(Faded) Replica Tajtanas Plate Armor
(Faded) Replica Oksinis Robe
(Faded) Replica Kaulas Leather Armor
(Faded) Replica Krisius Plate Armor
(Faded) Kalinis Robe
(Faded) Albinosas Leather Armor
(Faded) Tajtanas Plate Armor
(Faded) Oksinis Robe
(Faded) Kaulas Leather Armor
(Faded) Krisius Plate Armor
Irellis Robe
A top made using eagle feathers for flare. The feathers are not easily removed due to quality craftsmanship.
Jevenellis Leather Armor
A top made from a special ivy. They are environmentally friendly.
Basticle Plate Armor
Made with overlapping plates. Due to this imbrication, moving around in it is quite comfortable.
(Faded) Alpra Robe
(Faded) Eastern Leather Armor
(Faded) Pangle Plate Armor
(Faded) War Mage Robe
(Faded) Eaglestar Leather Armor
(Faded) Nyx Knight Armor
(Faded) Marone Robe
(Faded) Prakeh Robe
(Faded) Razna Leather Armor
(Faded) Keyarc Leather Armor
(Faded) Barghar Plate Armor
(Faded) Suurit Plate Armor
(Faded) Vienti Kalinis Robe
(Faded) Vienti Albinosas Leather Armor
(Faded) Vienti Tajtanas Plate Armor
(Faded) Vienti Oksinis Robe
(Faded) Vienti Kaulas Leather Armor
(Faded) Vienti Krisius Plate Armor
Berthas Alpra Robe
Berthas Eastern Leather Armor
Berthas Pangle Plate Armor
Berthas Warmage Robe
Berthas Eaglestar Leather Armor
Berthas Nyx Knight Armor
Berthas Marone Robe
Berthas Prakeh Robe
Berthas Razna Leather Armor
Berthas Keyarc Leather Armor
Berthas Barghar Plate Armor
Berthas Suurit Plate Armor
Berthas Kalinis Robe
Berthas Albinosas Leather Armor
Berthas Tajtanas Plate Armor
Berthas Oksinis Robe
Berthas Kaulas Leather Armor
Berthas Krisius Plate Armor
Berthas Irellis Robe
Berthas Jevenellis Leather Armor
Berthas Basticle Plate Armor
Primus Alpra Robe
Primus Eastern Leather Armor
Primus Pangle Plate Armor
Primus Warmage Robe
Primus Eaglestar Leather Armor
Primus Nyx Knight Armor
Primus Marone Robe
Primus Prakeh Robe
Primus Razna Leather Armor
Primus Keyarc Leather Armor
Primus Barghar Plate Armor
Primus Suurit Plate Armor
Primus Kalinis Robe
Primus Albinosas Leather Armor
Primus Tajtanas Plate Armor
Primus Oksinis Robe
Primus Kaulas Leather Armor
Primus Krisius Plate Armor
Primus Irellis Robe
Primus Jevenellis Leather Armor
Primus Basticle Plate Armor
Laitas Robe
The material used here allows for the draping piece of cloth on the left side to shine uniquely under different lighting conditions.
Fietas Leather Armor
The creator of this piece must have been deeply affected by Medzio Diena and the subsequent rampaging of his farm's crops. Or maybe he just really likes pumpkins.
Ausura Plate Armor
Unlike the place where the darkness descends or the place where it is bright, it is the equipment that always stands out without taking the time zone.
(Faded) Replica Kalinis Pants
(Faded) Replica Albinosas Leather Pants
(Faded) Replica Tajtanas Plate Pants
(Faded) Replica Oksinis Pants
(Faded) Replica Kaulas Leather Pants
(Faded) Replica Krisius Plate Pants
(Faded) Kalinis Pants
(Faded) Albinosas Leather Pants
(Faded) Tajtanas Plate Pants
(Faded) Oksinis Pants
(Faded) Kaulas Leather Pants
(Faded) Krisius Plate Pants
Irellis Pants
Pants made from eagle feathers for flare. The feathers are not easily removed due to the quality of craftsmanship.
Jevenellis Leather Pants
Pants made from special ivy. They are environmentally friendly.
Basticle Plate Pants
Made with overlapping plates. Due to this imbrication, moving around in it is quite comfortable.
(Faded) Alpra Pants
(Faded) Eastern Leather Pants
(Faded) Pangle Plate Leggings
(Faded) War Mage Pants
(Faded) Eaglestar Leather Pants
(Faded) Nyx Knight Pants
(Faded) Marone Pants
(Faded) Prakeh Pants
(Faded) Razna Leather Pants
(Faded) Keyarc Leather Pants
(Faded) Barghar Plate Pants
(Faded) Suurit Plate Pants
(Faded) Vienti Kalinis?Pants
(Faded) Vienti Albinosas Leather Pants
(Faded) Vienti Tajtanas Plate Pants
(Faded) Vienti Oksinis Pants
(Faded) Vienti Kaulas Leather Pants
(Faded) Vienti Krisius Plate Pants
Berthas Alpra Pants
Berthas Eastern Leather Pants
Berthas Pangle Plate Leggings
Berthas Warmage Pants
Berthas Eaglestar Leather Pants
Berthas Nyx Knight Pants
Berthas Marone Pants
Berthas Prakeh Pants
Berthas Raszna Leather Pants
Berthas Keyarc Leather Pants
Berths Barghar Plate Pants
Berthas Suurit Plate Pants
Berthas Kalinis Pants
Berthas Albinosas Leather Pants
Berthas Tajtanas Plate Pants
Berthas Oksinis Pants
Berthas Kaulas Leather Pants
Berthas Krisius Plate Pants
Berthas Irellis Pants
Berthas Jevenellis Leather Pants
Berthas Basticle Plate Pants
Primus Alpra Pants
Primus Eastern Leather Pants
Primus Pangle Plate Leggings
Primus Warmage Pants
Primus Eaglestar Leather Pants
Primus Nyx Knight Pants
Primus Marone Pants
Primus Prakeh Pants
Primus Razna Leather Pants
Primus Keyarc Leather Pants
Primus Barghar Plate Pants
Primus Suurit Plate Pants
Primus Kalinis Pants
Primus Albinosas Leather Pants
Primus Tajtanas Plate Pants
Primus Oksinis Pants
Primus Kaulas Leather Pants
Primus Krisius Plate Pants
Primus Irellis Pants
Primus Jevenellis Leather Pants
Primus Basticle Plate Pants
Laitas Pants
The white fur works nicely for decoration, but it's also enchanted to provide exceptional magic defense.
Fietas Leather Pants
It is said that the eye of a pumpkin provides more detectability. However, most people think that is just a rumor.
Ausura Plate Pants
After the rumor of relativity between Ausura and this equipment vanished, the effectiveness of this equipment became famous. Most of all the actual demand will be the main reason after Medzio Diena.
(Faded) Replica Kalinis Boots
(Faded) Replica Albinosas Leather Boots
(Faded) Replica Tajtanas Greaves
(Faded) Replica Oksinis Boots
(Faded) Replica Kaulas Leather Boots
(Faded) Replica Krisius Greaves
(Faded) Kalinis Boots
(Faded) Albinosas Leather Boots
(Faded) Tajtanas Greaves
(Faded) Oksinis Boots
(Faded) Kaulas Leather Boots
(Faded) Krisius Greaves
Irellis Boots
Boots made from the beaks of eagles.
Jevenellis Leather Boots
Boots made from a special ivy. They are environmentally friendly.
Basticle Greaves
Made with overlapping plates. Due to this imbrication, moving around in it is quite comfortable.
(Faded) Alpra Boots
(Faded) Eastern Leather Boots
(Faded) Pangle Plate Greaves
(Faded) War Mage Boots
(Faded) Eaglestar Leather Boots
(Faded) Nyx Knight Greaves
(Faded) Marone Boots
(Faded) Prakeh Boots
(Faded) Razna Leather Boots
(Faded) Keyarc Leather Boots
(Faded) Barghar Plate Boots
(Faded) Suurit Plate Boots
(Faded) Vienti Kalinis Boots
(Faded) Vienti Albinosas Leather Boots
(Faded) Vienti Tajtanas Greaves
(Faded) Vienti Oksinis Boots
(Faded) Vienti Kaulas Leather Boots
(Faded) Vienti Krisius Greaves
Berthas Alpra Boots
Berthas Eastern Leather Boots
Berthas Pangle Plate Greaves
Berthas Warmage Boots
Berthas Eaglestar Leather Boots
Berthas Nyx Knight Greaves
Berthas Marone Boots
Berthas Prakeh Boots
Berthas Razna Leather Boots
Berthas Keyarc Leather Boots
Berthas Barghar Plate Boots
Berthas Suurit Plate Boots
Berthas Kalinis Boots
Berthas Albinosas Leather Boots
Berthas Tajtanas Greaves
Berthas Oksinis Boots
Berthas Kaulas Leather Boots
Berthas Krisius Greaves
Berthas Irellis Boots
Berthas Jevenellis Leather Boots
Berthas Basticle Greaves
Primus Alpra Boots
Primus Eastern Leather Boots
Primus Pangle Plate Greaves
Primus Warmage Boots
Primus Eaglestar Leather Boots
Primus Nyx Knight Greaves
Primus Marone Boots
Primus Prakeh Boots
Primus Razna Leather Boots
Primus Keyarc Leather Boots
Primus Barghar Plate Boots
Primus Suurit Plate Boots
Primus Kalinis Boots
Primus Albinosas Leather Boots
Primus Tajtanas Greaves
Primus Oksinis Boots
Primus Kaulas Leather Boots
Primus Krisius Greaves
Primus Irellis Boots
Primus Jevenellis Leather Boots
Primus Basticle Greaves
Laitas Boots
Considering vast verdant areas, the basic color of Laitas equipment was chosen as green. There is no need to mention the helpful magic for the wearer to cross those terrains.
Fietas Leather Boots
There is one superstition that the pumpkin's eyes on this piece can actually detect an enemy's weakness. Believing in a superstition enough can make it true.
Ausura Greaves
It is said that this equipment was named after Demon Lord "Ausura" who was created by Gesti herself, but it seems this is just mere coincidence. There is no reason that Man would praise the name of the Demon. And for Ausura this is still an ill news since even maybe Ausura is a Demon Lord but still, there are many superiors still ahead.
(Faded) Replica Kalinis Gloves
(Faded) Replica Albinosas Leather Gloves
(Faded) Replica Tajtanas Gauntlets
(Faded) Replica Oksinis Gloves
(Faded) Replica Kaulas Leather Gloves
(Faded) Replica Krisius Greaves
(Faded) Kalinis Gloves
(Faded) Albinosas Leather Gloves
(Faded) Tajtanas Gauntlets
(Faded) Oksinis Gloves
(Faded) Kaulas Leather Gloves
(Faded) Krisius Greaves
Irellis Gloves
Gloves made from eagle wings.
Jevenellis Leather Gloves
Gloves made from special ivy. They are environmentally friendly.
Basticle Gauntlets
Made with overlapping plates. Due to this imbrication, moving around in it is quite comfortable.
(Faded) Alpra Gloves
(Faded) Eastern Leather Gloves
(Faded) Pangle Plate Gloves
(Faded) War Mage Gloves
(Faded) Eaglestar Leather Gloves
(Faded) Nyx Knight Gloves
(Faded) Marone Gloves
(Faded) Prakeh Gloves
(Faded) Razna Leather Gloves
(Faded) Keyarc Leather Gloves
(Faded) Barghar Plate Gauntlets
(Faded) Suurit Plate Gauntlets
(Faded) Vienti Kalinis Gloves
(Faded) Vienti Albinosas Leather Gloves
(Faded) Vienti Tajtanas Gauntlets
(Faded) Vienti Oksinis Gloves
(Faded) Vienti Kaulas Leather Gloves
(Faded) Vienti Krisius Greaves
Berthas Alpra Gloves
Berthas Eastern Leather Gloves
Berthas Pangle Plate Gloves
Berthas Warmage Gloves
Berthas Eaglestar Leather Gloves
Berthas Nyx Knight Gloves
Berthas Marone Gloves
Berthas Prakeh Gloves
Berthas Razna Leather Gloves
Berthas Keyarc Leather Gloves
Berthas Barghar Plate Gauntlets
Berthas Suurit Plate Gauntlets
Berthas Kalinis Gloves
Berthas Albinosas Leather Gloves
Berthas Tajtanas Gauntlets
Berthas Oksinis Gloves
Berthas Kaulas Leather Gloves
Berthas Krisius Gauntlets
Berthas Irellis Gloves
Berthas Jevenellis Leather Gloves
Berthas Basticle Gauntlets
Primus Alpra Gloves
Primus Eastern Leather Gloves
Primus Pangle Plate Gloves
Primus Warmage Gloves
Primus Eaglestar Leather Gloves
Primus Nyx Knight Gloves
Primus Marone Gloves
Primus Prakeh Gloves
Primus Razna Leather Gloves
Primus Keyarc Leather Gloves
Primus Barghar Plate Gauntlets
Primus Suurit Plate Gauntlets
Primus Kalinis Gloves
Primus Albinosas Leather Gloves
Primus Tajtanas Gauntlets
Primus Oksinis Gloves
Primus Kaulas Leather Gloves
Primus Krisius Gauntlets
Primus Irellis Gloves
Primus Jevenellis Leather Gloves
Primus Basticle Gauntlets
Laitas Gloves
Smiths, Alchemists, Wizards whom going through this most desperate time in Kingdom are concentrating on the development of new pieces of equipment. After Four Year from Medzio Diena, that effort finally pays off with new inventions and craftings. It is believed that Laitas Series will be in front of all those new inventions.
Fietas Leather Gloves
After you make holes for the pumpkin's eyes, nose, and mouth, you'll be able to fit your fingers through them and use them for heavy lifting. Being unaesthetic is fun!
Ausura Gauntlets
It is a common mistake that people confuses that Ausura equipment named after Demon Lord Ausura. The existing of Ausura is known to few whom well knows about the demonic world. This is just a mere coincidence.
Matador Costume
Although it is quite common, this Costume is worn by amateur Matadors who have limited experience dealing with beasts. There are some Matador also wear this to represent themselves as an expert in this particular field.
Matador Special Costume
Matador Belbeast Costume
A Matador wearing this costume signifies that they have dealt with some of the most deadly beasts.
Matador Belbeast Special Costume
Matador Bellanimal Costume
A costume only worn by veteran Matadors who are experienced with dealing with a large variety of beasts.
Matador Bellanimal Special Costume
Shadowmancer Costume
This Costume is created in honor to the first Shadowmancer.
Shadowmancer Special Costume
Shadowmancer Sunhider Costume
When Shadowmancer Master Ubik started researching about the Eclipse, she presented this type of costume to her apprentices who achieved improvements in research.
Shadowmancer Sunhider Special Costume
Shadowmancer Lunarhider Costume
Shadowmancer Lunarhider Special Costume
Bullet Marker Costume
A costume given to every Bullet Marker that represents the dawn of days when firearms first came into use.
Bullet Special Costume
Bullet Marker Matcher Costume
Matcher is known as an inventor of the match and as the one who enhanced the use of gunpowder. He is a member of the Winterspoon family but is more well known by his nickname. The Bullet Marker Master named this costume after him to commemorate his achievements and hard work.
Bullet Marker Matcher Special Costume
Bullet Marker Wheeler Costume
This Costume symbolizes earnest integrity. According to Flint this costume is as cool as a well-dried fuse.
Bullet Marker Wheeler Special Costume
Zealot Costume
This costume inspired from the Cult of Zealot's apprentice combat training
Zealot Special Costume
Zealot Contrition Costume
There are two great factions in the Cult of Zealots. This costume is inspired from the costume of a Zealot whom exalted from Laima's faction.
Zealot Contrition Special Costume
Zealot Petition Costume
Based on the present between Loremasters of Jurate and Cult of Zealots, this Costume improved its design until nowadays. Unfortunately, the stream between those two factions is not really amiable.
Zealot Petition Special Costume
Look! There's a pretty butterfly!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
A hair ornament containing the power of the goddess' wings.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
In some regions people dance while wearing this to cast away evil spirits.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A helmet made of strong plate metal. Often worn by knights.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Looks tasty. Right-click to use.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Looks foamy. Right-click to use.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Nothing can get in your way, not you're carrying this beuaty. Right-click to equip.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in Exchange Shop.
Red Artist Hat
A red beret to wear when you're going for the artsy look.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
You can never get enough of it.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Can't wait to get a bite.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Fresh and creamy, and oh so delicious.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Taste the sea with some fresh octopus sushi.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Signal is good here. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Feeling so strong now.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
The Invited One Costume (Male)
A costume for the one who joined the Invitation event. Use to change your appearance.
The Invited One Costume (Female)
[E-Run] Deathweaver Cutter (30 Days)
[E-Run] Deatheweaver Tooth (30 Days)
If you are ready to face death, draw this sword.
[E-Run] Deathweaver Rod (30 Days)
[E-Run] Melinas Staff (30 Days)
A result of rudimentary research attempting to increase the quality of staves by combining several items.
[E-Run] Deathweaver Bow (30 Days)
[E-Run] Deathweaver Cross Bow (30 Days)
[E-Run] Vubbe Morning Star (30 Days)
 - 3% chance to inflict [Stun] on an enemy for 3 seconds
[E-Run] Vubbe Armour (30 Days)
[E-Run] Vubbe Pants (30 Days)
[E-Run] Cheminis Sword (30 Days)
[E-Run] Chapparition Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[E-Run] Chapparition Rod (30 Days)
[E-Run] Patrice Staff (30 Days)
Death was already immanent within the rapid growth behind the explosive increase of plants. It draws as near as life force is used for rapid growth and magic gained from ferns has the same effect on plants.
[E-Run] Chapparition Bow (30 Days)
[E-Run] Chapparition Shooter (30 Days)
[E-Run] Chapparition Mace (30 Days)
[E-Run] Silver Spear (30 Days)
[E-Run] Cheminis Pike (30 Days)
[E-Run] Mark Tunic (30 Days)
[E-Run] Mark Pants (30 Days)
[E-Run] Durandal (30 Days)
 - All Swordsman skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
[E-Run] Flamini (30 Days)
[E-Run] Secretum (30 Days)
Equipment made especially for Wizards.
[E-Run] Candle Staff (30 Days)
[E-Run] Heart Seeker (30 Days)
[E-Run] Shooting Star (30 Days)
In the past, only archers who completed the training in the Astral Tower could use this weapon.
[E-Run] Escanciu Mace (30 Days)
[E-Run] Doom Spear (30 Days)
[E-Run] Laideca (30 Days)
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's movement speed by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}15 for 10 seconds
[E-Run] Brigandine Armor (30 Days)
Minivern's high defense becomes a great gift for crafters after it dies, like in this armor.
[E-Run] Brigandine Pants (30 Days)
[E-Run] Velniup (30 Days)
[E-Run] Tilly Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[E-Run] Temere (30 Days)
 - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's magic defense by 50% of your own magic defense and {img green_up_arrow 16 16} increase physical defense for 30 seconds with a basic attack
This rod's nickname is 'The Staff of Patience.' Legends say that Agailla Flurry, the greatest wizard in history, devised this rod to train her apprentices.
[E-Run] Sunflower (30 Days)
[E-Run] Wilding Bane (30 Days)
 - 100% critical rate on Beast-type enemies{nl}- {img red_down_arrow 16 16}25% damage on non-Beast-type enemies
Prior to Medzio Diena, hunters rarely used this bow. It might sound strange, but the bow would cause excessive damage to the prey.
[E-Run] Seimos Crossbow (30 Days)
[E-run] Seimos Mace (30 Days)
[E-Run] Seimos Spear (30 Days)
[E-Run] Seimos Pike (30 Days)
[E-Run] Hunting Armor (30 Days)
After Medzio Diena, the equipment that were used for the hunting and the adventures are receiving the spotlight. As the number of violent monsters increases, the adventurous hunting which was unique before is becoming daily lives.
[E-Run] Hunting Pants (30 Days)
[E-Run] Flame (30 Days)
[E-Run] Hell and Heaven (30 Days)
[E-Run] Casti Rod (30 Days)
[E-Run] Malledoom (30 Days)
[E-Run] Casti Bow (30 Days)
[E-Run] Karacha Cross Bow (30 Days)
[E-Run] Drake Tail (30 Days)
[E-Run] Casti Spear (30 Days)
[E-Run] Magas Pike (30 Days)
[E-Run] Duelist (30 Days)
 - All Fencer skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
[E-Run] Veteran Tunic (30 Days)
[E-Run] Veteran Pants (30 Days)
[E-Run] Pensara Sword (30 Days)
[E-Run] Pensara Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[E-Run] Pensara Rod (30 Days)
[E-Run] Power Staff (30 Days)
 - Staff attacks (C Key) increase damage equal to 200% of your magic attack
[E-Run] Marksman (30 Days)
 - Attacks will reduce an enemy's critical resistance by {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 8 for 20 seconds (Max Stacks: 20)
[E-Run] Didel Grand Cross (30 Days)
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
The Quarrel Shooter Master himself had received this bow recently.
[E-Run] Pensara Mace (30 Days)
[E-Run] Pensara Spear (30 Days)
[E-Run] Pensara Pike (30 Days)
[E-Run] Spada (30 Days)
[E-Run] Finisher (30 Days)
[E-Run] Bandit Armor (30 Days)
[E-Run] Bandit Pants (30 Days)
[Kupole] Pierene Sword
[Kupole] Gale Slasher
[Kupole] Windia Rod
[Kupole] Vienarazis Staff
[Kupole] Aufgowle Bow
[Kupole] Silver Hook
[Kupole] Vienarazis Mace
[Kupole] Vienarazis Two-handed Mace
[Kupole] Pygry Spear
[Kupole] Sacmet
[Kupole] Elga Rapier
[Kupole] Dragoon Piper
[Kupole] Double Stack
[Kupole] Lion Head Cannon
[Kupole] Lion Head  Dagger
[Kupole] Lion Head Shield
A pair of wings made out of balloons. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
A pair of wings modeled after an eagle's. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
A pair of bat wings. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
A pair of wings made out of spider webs. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Special Costume Test
Winter Night
[Shadowmancer Special Costume]
This costume features ornaments symbolizing the solar and lunar eclipses on which the Shadowmancer Master is particularly keen.
Clear End
[Matador Special Costume]
This Matador costume is a symbol of prestige among the class, as it is given only to those who show true talent in their art.
Tuned Fireworks
[Bullet Marker Special Costume]
This costume mimics the style of the first clothes Flint Winterwood received when he became recognized as Bullet Marker Master. It is unclear who offered him the garments.
Prophecy Wings
[Zealot Special Costume]
Formerly a symbol of Laima's searchers, it soon became the costume of choice for all Zealots. It lacks representations of Jurate, in consideration of possible conflicts with the goddess' loremaster orders.
Rank 10 Card
Increases your character's class level to Level 15 of Rank 9. Can only be used on Rank 9 characters. Right-click to use.
Lucky Golden Week Chest (1 Hour)
NA
Challenge Mode One Entry Voucher
Use this to allow one extra entry in Challenge Mode.
Challenge Mode One Entry Voucher (1 Day)
Challenge Mode One Entry Voucher (14 Days)
NA
Right-click to open and receive the following items:{nl} - Companion Voucher x12{nl} - x4 EXP Tome x3 {nl} - Attribute Points: 1,000 x2 {nl} - Instanced Dungeon Multiply Token x3{nl} - 500,000 Silver
Halloween Surprise Cube
Use to obtain one of the following items at random.{nl}Item List{nl}- Glow-in-the-Dark Skeleton Costume{nl}- Jack-o'-Lantern Helmet{nl}- Halloween Pop-up Book{nl}- Pumpkin Lantern
Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.
Glackuman Cube
Bleak Chapparition Cube
Starving Velnia Monkey Cube
Alluring Succubus Cube
Burning Fire Lord Cube
Noisy Mineloader Cube
Blasphemous Deathweaver Cube
Forest Keeper Ferret Marauder Cube
Starving Ellaganos Cube
Violent Cerberus Cube
Wrathful Harpeia Cube
Prison Manager Prison Cutter Cube
Frantic Molich Cube
It seems to contain something special. Right-click to open.{nl}Item list:{nl}- Practonium x1{nl}- Mithril x20{nl}- Keista Restoration Potion Lv4 x20
It's a not-so-stable cube. It shows movement to revert back to its original property.{nl}Item list:{nl}- Practonium x1{nl}- Mithril x20{nl}- Keista Restoration Potion Lv4 x20
The First Refuge Raid Dungeon Cube
A reward obtained from The First Refuge Raid Dungeon
Underground Chapel Dungeon Cube
A reward obtained from Underground Chapel Dungeon
Historic Site Ruins Dungeon Cube
A reward obtained from Historic Site Ruins Dungeon
Monument of Desire Dungeon Cube
A reward obtained from Monument of Desire Dungeon
Fallen Legwyn Family Dungeon Cube
A reward obtained from Fallen Legwyn Family dungeon
Catacombs Underground Dungeon Cube
A reward obtained from Catacombs Underground Dungeon
Castle Dungeon Cube: Red
A reward obtained from Castle Dungeon
Castle Dungeon Cube: Blue
Underground Castle Dungeon Cube
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv.75).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv.75).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv.120).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv.120).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv.170).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv.170).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv.220).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv.220).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv.270).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv.270).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Weapon Cube (Lv.315).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
After collecting 8 pieces and right-click to receive Unidentified Armor Cube (Lv.315).{nl} - If Unidentified Cube is less than 8, it could be exchanged into 1 Nucle. {nl} - if the Cube is more than 8, it could be changed into Weapon Box.
Challenge Cube
Can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. Does not require a silver fee for enhancement. When you fail at an enhance level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10.
Colony Battle Coin
A coin to commemorate the victory at Colony Battle.
Red Valerijonas
Normally Valerijonas could be used as Healing Herb but you can not use the Red One.
Blue Aurorapas
The Blue branch of laurel is extremely rare and its usability is not yet discovered
Yellow Vjolulidas
Yellow apple flower is too rare and its usability is not yet discovered
Broken Nimrah Damsel Orb
Nimrah Lancer's Spear
Nimrah Soldier's Broken Rapier
Lunar Angel Trumpet
Varle Gunner Cannon Fragment
Varle Skipper Sword Fragment
Varle Helmsman Mace Head
Beur Beak
Quality Neuk Leather
Yakyak Horn
Creto Feather
Portal Stone
Item used in Portal Shops.
Nucle Powder
A refined unidentified crystal core that mutates both organic and inorganic materials for equipment to use.{nl} {nl}Usage: Reset item options, craft items 
Sierra Powder
After the rampage of the vegetations, it starts appearing they absorb sort of energy from nature. To use the energy, it has been refined into powder.{nl} {nl}Usage: Reset item options, craft items
Popolion Waterball Orgel
Use to play music.
Old Story of Laima, right-click to read.
Story of Laima and Gesti, right-click to read.
Story of Premier Emminant, right click to read
Manual for an administrator of Fantasy Library, Right-click to read.
Story of Martis, right-click to read.
Story of Jetsi, right-click to read.
Story of Nebulas, right-click to read.
Story of Solcomm, right-click to read.
Enhancement Card: 300 (14 Days)
A Enhance care use for Enhancing Cards
[E-Run] Goddess Sculpture
Install Goddess' Statue which provides Goddess's Blessing for five minutes.
[E-Run] Shining Superior Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems, Amplifies the EXP of gems
[E-Run] Instance One Entry Voucher
Use it to enter an instanced dungeon one more time.
[E-Run] Instance Dungeon Reset Voucher
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.
A cake used in wedding celebrations.{nl}Increases +3 movement speed, HP +10 and EXP gains +10% for 60 minutes.
Earth's Happy Chest
A Box given to the Savior whom helped to improve the happiness of the Earth
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.15)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 15 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.40)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 40 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.50)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 50 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.75)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 75 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.85)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 85 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.100)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 100 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.120)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 120 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.140)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 140 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.170)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 170 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.180)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 180 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.200)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 200 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.220)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 220 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.230)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 230 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.270)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 270 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.300)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 300 or above to use.
Uska's Level up Chest (Lv.330)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 330 or above to use.
7th Day TP box
Right-click to use. It could be used after 7 days from acquiring it.
[E-Run] Shining Golden Anvil
Can only be used on equipment with 1 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. When you fail at an enhance level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10. Right-click to use.
[E-Run] Miracle Seeds
Use to grow the goddess' miracle sprout.
Invitation Badge
Increases movement speed +2, physical attack +50, magic attack +50 for 10 minutes. Right-click to use. {nl} event item
Invitation Cube
Event item.
Invitation Potion
Increases movement speed +3 for 30 minutes.{nl}Right-click to use.
The Invited One Costume Box
A box containing a event Outfit to your character. Right-click to use.
Pitch-pot
: A game you can play with other people.{nl}- How to Use{nl}Upon using the 
Pitch-pot
, a coin will be added to your inventory.{nl}Use the 
Pitch-pot Coin
 item to charge the gauge, and use the normal attack button to stop the charge. This will adjust the strength to throw the coin.{nl}If the coin lands inside the pot, it will measure how far it was thrown and the precision to calculate points gained.{nl}Upon moving maps, your points and the 
Pitch-pot Coin
 will be deleted.
An odd collection of candy in a neat pumpkin basket. Can be obtained from the Halloween event dungeon.{nl}Automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Rank 6 Level Up Chest
Right-click to use. You character must be level 1 to use.
EXP Card (Lv 180)
Increases EXP up to character level 180. Can be used at level 50 and lower.
Raid Portal Stone
Item required to enter the Unique Raid dungeon.
 - How to Use{nl}During the Pitch-pot game, use the 
Scattered Records
Dimensional Search Scroll
Unidentified Record
Trasium Piece
A fragmented Trasium Piece. With enough pieces, it may be possible to repair the protection crystals.
Nobrenal Power Blueprint
Blueprints for a very complex looking formula. A mysterious force is surrounding it. It appears that the blueprint itself is capable of generating magical power.
Dimensional Essence
A crystalized fragment of a distorted dimension. It radiates in many different colors.
Demon's Magic Source
A core filled with a demon's magic. This can probably be used somewhere.
Protective Crystal Maintenance Tools
A protective crystal made from several fragments of a dimension. It is said to be used to maintain the potency of protection crystals.
Record: Giltine
A Record of Giltine. Written with unknown language and pictures.
Monumental Magic Source
A magical source of blue light. It can be used to charge the Flicid Collapsing Device.
Torsium Key
A key that can open the door to a locked dimension. The key can be used to locate concealed objects inside hidden dimensions.
Yellow Atti Juice
Yellow Juice obtained from Atti. It can be used to make Teresh flowers bloom.
Teresh Pollen
Teresh flower with red pollen
White Apple
A white apple obtained from the Singing Tree.
Raspberry
Raspberry from Tersh Forest.
Raspberry Juice
Raspberry Juice that was made by squashing raspberries obtained from Teresh Forest.
Bottle
A bottle container that can be used to hold raspberry juice.
Raspberry-flavored twigs
Rose colored twigs that can be used to attract starlights.
Yellow Apple
A yellow apple obtained from the Singing Tree.
Blue Apple
A blue apple obtained from the Singing Tree.
Sporgimo flower
A peculiar looking flower that looks as though it could spontaneously combust at any moment.
Monk's Note
Notes of a Monk. The notes mention a way to pass through the Demons blocking the way to the Narvas Temple.
Contract Token
An object that came from one of Hauberk's followers
Essence of Hohen
Hohen's water can be used as a substitute for defensive energy
Energy Storing Globe
An object that is designed to store energy
Strong Essence of Demon
Strong Essence of Demon.
Corrupted Holy Water
Holy Water corrupted with Demon blood
Magic Crystal
Absorbing Stone
Using Absorbing stone could drag facility's component
Flurry Facility Component
Flesh of Black Hohen Olben
To create a transformational scroll that can transform into a King Hammer, Blackhorn Allban's flesh, which will be used as a component of King Hammer's body
King Hammer's Blood
Transformation Scroll
A scroll used to transform into a King Hammer
Token of twisted contract
Green Power Device
Green Colored Power Device
Globus of Record
An Orb that was created to agitate the Ambition Hauberk.
Essence of Harugal
Mark of Identification
Right-click to use.
A detector that can be used to find Elite Black Hauberks
Central Control Terminal Parts
Apparition Generator
An Apparition Generator require to fix the Unknown Device at Narvas Temple
Good Condition Cocoon
Quality Iron Ore
Intact Blue Hohen Gulak Horns
Intact Blue Hohen Gulak Horns. A Material for Matador Master's training dummy Horn.
Fine Cockatrice Leather
Tough Beetow Feeler
Solid Minivern Hide
A memo given to you by Rimantas with a list of companion equipment
Demon Magic Dust
A Demon Magic Dust acquired from Shaton Reservoir. A Material for Frost Bullets, Fire Bullets, Lightning Bullets.
Bullets for the Red Spions of Salvia Forest. Register them in your quick slots to use.
Bullets for the Firents of Nefritas Cliff. Register them in your quick slots to use.
Bullets for the Blue Lepusbunnies of Sekta Forest. Register them in your quick slots to use.
Pure Frost Fragments
A material used to create Frost Bullets
A Memo obtained from the Bullet Marker Master. Contains a list of things to do.
Surveillance Orb
Client's Surveillance Orb
Demonic Monster Flesh
Monster flesh that emits an evil energy. Placing this inside the Magic Aggregator while it is operating could make it possible to acquire some Demon Magic Dust.
Lantern
A lantern given to you by the Bullet Marker Master. Use the lantern to find Electric Stones.
Electric Stone
An Electric Stone from Grynas Hills. A material used to create Lightning Bullets.
Capote
Quest Item. Right-click to use.
An item that is used to provoke monsters.
Collectable Item
Beads with cloudy aura. It seems that purification is needed. The item disappears when it leaves Nazarene Tower.
Starlight Essence
Essence that emits a strong aura of starlight. If you can use the power held inside the starlight essence, you may grow stronger. This item disappears when it leaves Nazarene Tower.
I am told that his family can get money from the Kedora Merchant Alliance or from Pardoner Master or the amount of money Greene has written down.
Contains the materials that  were stolen from Revelator Pudhin. It seems to contain some food and potions.
Coral powder of Nimrah Damsel
The coral powder that Nimrah Damsel had. I do not know where it is used, but according to the translator Mirius, it is said to be helpful for healing.
Zeteor Coast's Blue Coral Reef
A blue coral reef obtained from Zeteor Coast. It is said to be used in ceremonies for calling Goddess Jurate.
Nasty Red Fragment
A red fragment found on the Tolata Sandbank. It emits a wicked energy and is quite discomforting.
Sealed Holy Artifact of Jurate
It is said to be a mirror used in ceremonies and rituals as the sacred material of the Goddess Jurate, sealed by the Demons. Its reflection is clouded by an evil aura.
Jurate's First Holy Artifact
The sacred treasure of Jurate that tradition person Ugnius had. It was said that it was a necklace worn by a priest who conducted rituals and ordinances.
Jurate's Second Holy Artifact
Jurate's second artifact, although the Demons sealed it, it is a mirror that was used in rituals and as a sanctuary that washed away demonic energy using the aura of the sea.
Luxuriously decorated water. They are said to be water bottles containing water for purification Ritual. The traitor, Ugnius, went to Letave Plateau and asked him to fill up the water of the sea.
Jurate's Moss
Blue moss. It is said to be used for ritual burning after being dried.
Blessed Coral Talisman
A hand-crafted talisman enchanted with the blessings of Goddess Jurate. It's made from the blue coral reefs that grow on Iotheo Coast. According to Revelator Nichi, it is said to be able to banish evil auras.
The Zealot Order: Fervor and Devotion. A book describing the Zealot an order written by Inquisitor Thomas Iquinostasys
A book describing the Zealots: A History. The book written by Zealot Peter Marshall.
A book describing the Zealot and Goddess of Divine Energy written by Thomas Iquinostasys
Beholder's Orb
An orb that was given to you from the Beholder. You can use the orb to absorb magical sources of energy.
Magic Infused Orb
An orb that was given to you from the Beholder, now filled with magical energy. There is so much magic stored that the orb's original color has become turbid.
Light Blue Wing
A shining tool that was dropped by a Carapace. In the center of the tool, there are beads that shimmer with a bright blue light.
Empty Dispel Magic Tool
A magical tool that negates the magical effects from the Beholder. Kill nearby monsters and demons and use their souls to fuel the Dispel Tool.
Magic Infused Dispel Tool
A magic tool that negates the magical effects from the Beholder. The tool is currently packed full of souls and energy.
Resistance Supplies Match
Matches obtained from the Resistance Group. It has various uses.
Records Parchment
Reciprocal parchment prepared by the Resistance Army Recruiter to prepare a report on the junction.
Zibukas Crossroas Report
Report of Zibukas Crossroad. Its written with plants and water of lake monsters and demons and other anomalies
Scout's Oil Bottle
A low-grade oil bottle carried by resistance scouts. It is primarily used for sending signals
Lakeland Leaves
Leaves obtained from monsters growing in the lake. The leaves are very moist as if they had just been watered.
Unprocessed Bomb
An unprocessed bomb given to you from Solcomm. When combined with the right components it can become a powerful bomb that is capable of nullifying magic
A very powerful bomb. It is said that it can even penetrate through objects embedded in protective magic.
Moist Roots
The roots you can get from Lily Velly and Jily Velly. The mysterious aura drifts somewhere because it grows up in the water of the lake.
Magical Catalyst Powder
A magical powder found in the Demon's Warehouse. The powder's magical substance is capable of enhancing the strength of other materials.
Resistance Supplies Bottle
A supply bottle that was distributed to the resistance troops as supplies. The bottle is quite heavy as it has been filled up by Kayetonas.
Fluid that was created using the spirit of the lake. It was created using the leaves of the monsters that drank the lake's water and a catalyst to increase the effectiveness.
Used Arrow
An arrow found stuck in a demon. Do you think the owner of this arrow is a newcomer who left to find his deputy?
Blue-colored Cloth
A piece of cloth that the demon had. The color of the cloth looks quite similar to the cloth used on Schaffenstar uniforms.
Someone's Pendant
A pendant found on the demon. Upon opening the pendant the face of a man can be seen inside of it. Is he the owner of this pendant?
Dirk Inside Tutu's Body
A dagger that was stuck in the back of a Tutu. Upon closer inspection you can see the letters
engraved on the handle.
Shadow Trace of Ziburynas Forest
A shadow trace acquired from an Incarnated Shadow at Ziburynas Forest
Shadow Trace of Khonot Forest
A shadow trace acquired from an Incarnated Shadow at Khonot Forest
Shadow Trace of Lhadar Forest
A shadow trace acquired from an Incarnated Shadow at Lhadar Forest
Shadow Trace of Namu Temple Ruins
A shadow trace acquired from an Incarnated Shadow at Namu Temple Ruins
Shadowmancer Master's Research Device
A Research Device created by the Shadowmancer Master for her research. To prevent further exposure from the device, it's being placed in a container to prevent it from leaking.
Title - The Gifted Artist
A title given to the winners of the 2017 Fan Art Fest: Merry Me event. Right-click to use.
Goddess Sculpture (3 Days)
Miracle Seeds (3 Days)
Warp Scroll - Nazarene Tower
An event warp scroll.{nl}Use it to go to the LV 340 Hunting Grounds entrance.{nl} (Can be used from LV 330.)
Rudolph Helmet
Rudolph's red nose is a symbol of hope.
Sexy Santa Costume (Male)
The Holidays just got sexier. Use to alter your appearance.
Sexy Santa Costume (Female)
Rudolph Costume
Leading Reindeer
Rudolph
Use to change your appearance.
Hot Pack (30 Days)
Magical Snowman Wand
Will waving this Magical Snowman Wand create a Christmas miracle?
Christmas Handbell
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way...!
Ice Crystal Wings
A pair of wings made out of delicate ice crystals. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.
Looting Chance Potion
Increases Looting Chance by +100 for 30 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown 30 seconds.
Christmas Tree Ornament Cube
Christmas Sled Box
Right-click to use and register your companion.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill and you will now dismount when attacked.{nl}Use the shortcut keys to mount it anywhere.{nl}Increases movement speed by 6 when mounted.{nl}Cannot use mounted skills while riding this companion.
Use to open the popup book. Use again to put it away. Interact with the open book to play the background music. The book closes automatically after 10 minutes.
Gift Box
Here's a little gift to you from Santa.{nl}Use it to choose your prize.
Present
A neat little Christmas present.{nl}Deliver it to a child who was good this year.
Fortune Cookie (14 Days)
Increases EXP gains, movement speed and max. HP with each stack. Maximum of 5 stacks.
Primus Irellis Pants [Untradable]
Primus Jevenellis Leather Pants [Untradable]
Primus Basticle Plate Pants [Untradable]
Primus Irellis Robe [Untradable]
Primus Jevenellis Leather Armor [Untradable]
Primus Basticle Plate Armor [Untradable]
Primus Irellis Gloves [Untradable]
Primus Jevenellis Leather Gloves [Untradable]
Primus Basticle Gauntlets [Untradable]
Primus Irellis Boots [Untradable]
Primus Jevenellis Leather Boots [Untradable]
Primus Basticle Greaves [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Sword [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Two-handed Sword [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Mace [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Staff [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Rod [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Two-handed Mace [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Dagger [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Spear [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Pike [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Rapier [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Crossbow [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Bow [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Pistol [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Cannon [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Musket [Untradable]
Primus Raffye Shield [Untradable]
This ticket is used to guess today's lucky number.{nl}Each ticket gives you one try at guessing it.{nl}You can also use this ticket to move to a city of your choice instead, and get 20 seconds of increased movement speed.
Homecoming Gift (14 Days)
Homecoming Gift (14 Days)
Welcome back!{nl}Use this gift to enter the Returning Savior Event and get your well-deserved rewards.
New Rank Booster - Weapon Selection Box
Use to select a Lv 350 unidentified equipment item.
New Rank Booster - Armor Selection Box
Attribute Points: 500 (14 Days)
Lv 10 Enhancement Card
A card used to enhance a card. Increases a card's EXP by 5,400.
New Year's Soup (3 Days)
Eating a bowl of this soup is said to make you one year older.{nl}Use in a party to increase the EXP gains of all party members by 15% for 30 minutes.
[Event] Transformation Scroll (1 Day)
Transform into a new you using this scroll.{nl}Warning! Moving to a different map will cancel the effects of the scroll.
Premium Snowflake Costume (Male)
The magic of Winter is alive in this costume. Use to change your appearance.
Premium Snowflake Costume (Female)
Premium Snowflake Crown
A crown made of ice. It may look too cold to wear, but don't worry; it won't cause brain freeze.
White Snowflake Unicorn Horn
Is there anything more magical than a unicorn horn? We think not. Just be careful not to poke anyone's eye out.
White Snowflake Glasses
This huge pair of glasses is guaranteed to make you look cool. Freezing, even.
White Snowflake Footprint
[Effect Costume]
Gives the wearer's every step a chilly ice effect. 
Adventure Journal Rank 1-10 Box (1 Day)
Adventure Journal Rank 11-100 Box (1 Day)
Right-click to open and receive the following items:{nl} - Companion Voucher x6{nl} - x4 EXP Tome x3 {nl} - Attribute Points: 1,000 x1 {nl} - Instanced Dungeon Multiply Token x3{nl} - 300,000 Silver 
Adventure Journal Rank 101-200 Box (1 Day)
Right-click to open and receive the following items:{nl} - Companion Voucher x5{nl} - x4 EXP Tome x2{nl} - Attribute Points: 500 x1 {nl} - Instanced Dungeon Multiply Token x2{nl} - 200,000 Silver 
Adventure Journal Rank 201-300 Box (1 Day)
Right-click to open and receive the following items:{nl} - Companion Voucher x4{nl} - x4 EXP Tome x1{nl} - Attribute Points: 100 x3{nl} - 100,000 Silver 
Adventure Journal Rank Box (1 Day)
Is there anything more magical than a unicorn horn? We think not. Just be careful not to poke anyone's eye out.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
This huge pair of glasses is guaranteed to make you look cool. Freezing, even.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
White Snowflake Crystal
Gives the wearer's every step a chilly ice effect.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Goro Egg
Buff Level-up Powder
Lets you enhance the level of your Hunter's Buff at any Event Notice Board.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Monster Duty Instructions
Move to your assigned location and defeat the monsters there.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Hunter Badge
Blue Orb Dungeon Coin
Item obtained from the Event Notice Board.
An item required for a special experiment mission.{nl}Can be obtained from an Event Notice Board once per day.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Armor Cube
Use to obtain a random Lv 350 Primus armor item.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Weapon Cube
Use to obtain a random Lv 350 Primus weapon/subweapon item.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Golden Coin
Use Golden Coins to enter Fedimian's secret night market.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Limited Edition Red Ox
Even better than the regular Red Ox. Provides 10 minutes of max. HP +1000, AoE attack ratio +1 and unlimited stamina.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Lv 315 Unique Top Selection Box (14 Days)
Use to select one Lv 315 Unique equipment item.
Lv 315 Unique Bottom Selection Box (14 Days)
Lv 315 Unique Gloves Selection Box (14 Days)
Lv 315 Unique Boots Selection Box (14 Days)
Secret Recipe Selection Box (14 Days)
Use to select one Lv 315 recipe.
Golden Dog Coin
Use at the Golden Dog event shop.
Golden Dog Lucky Pouch
A lucky pouch celebrating the Year of the Golden Dog. Use to obtain  
.
Title - 2018 Lucky Year
A lucky title to celebrate the Year of the Golden Dog.
Title - TBL 1st Place
Title given to the winner of 1st place in Team Battle League. Right-click to use.
Title - TBL 2nd
Title given to the winner of 2nd place in Team Battle League. Right-click to use.
Title - TBL 3rd
Title given to the winner of 3rd place in Team Battle League. Right-click to use.
Abdochar [Untradeable]
Sarkmis [Untradable]
Skull Smasher [Untradable]
Regard Horn Staff [Untradable]
Heart of Glory [Untradable]
Skull Breaker [Untradable]
Emengard Dagger [Untradable]
Wingshard Spear [Untradable]
Regard Horn Pike [Untradable]
Black Horn [Untradable]
Regard Horn Crossbow [Untradable]
Astra Bow [Untradable]
Aspana Revolver [Untradable]
Emengard Cannon [Untradable]
Emengard Musket [Untradable]
Emengard Shield [Untradable]
Primus Oksinis Robe [Untradable]
Primus Kaulas Leather Armor [Untradable]
Primus Krisius Plate Armor [Untradable]
Primus Oksinis Pants [Untradable]
Primus Kaulas Leather Pants [Untradable]
Primus Krisius Plate Pants [Untradable]
Primus Oksinis Gloves [Untradable]
Primus Kaulas Leather Gloves [Untradable]
Primus Krisius Gauntlets [Untradable]
Primus Oksinis Boots [Untradable]
Primus Kaulas Leather Boots [Untradable]
Primus Krisius Greaves [Untradable]
Golden Pup Armband
This armband commemorates 2018, Year of the Golden Dog.
Golden Puppy Head
You need the head to fully transform into a lucky golden puppy! Right-click to use and change your appearance.
24K Gold Bar Pup Helmet
Why stick to looking golden when you can BE gold? 24K, baby. Right-click to use and change your appearance.
Golden Dog Warrior Helmet
Golden Puppy Body
Be the fluffiest, most golden doggo in town. Right-click to use and change your appearance.
Golden Dog Warrior Costume (Male)
The Golden Dog is fearless and mighty. Right-click to use and change your appearance.
Golden Dog Warrior Costume (Female)
Golden Pup Doll
The Golden Pup is all about good vibes and good luck.
Golden Pup Paw Print
Represent your pup pride with this golden paw print accessory.
Giltine's Wings
A pair of wings created by to the image of Giltine's. Unfortunately, they don't let you fly.
Golden Pup Lucky Pouch
Use to receive one of the following random items. {nl} - Golden Pup Lucky Pouch{nl} - 24K Gold Bar Pup Helmet {nl} - Golden Pup Armband
Golden Dog Warrior Box
Winter Penguin Egg
Right-click to use.{nl}Increases physical and magic attack by +100 for 1 hour.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Welcome Back Gift Box
Bamboo Leaves
Increases physical and magic attack by +100 for 5 minutes.{nl}You can make Zongzi using Bamboo Leaves, Pork, Sticky Rice, Shiitake Mushrooms and a Zongzi recipe.
Pork
Increases physical and magic attack by +100 for 5 minutes.{nl}You can make Zongzi using Bamboo Leaves, Pork, Sticky Rice, Shiitake Mushrooms and a Zongzi recipe.
Sticky Rice
Restores 500 HP and SP every 2 seconds for 15 seconds.{nl}You can make Zongzi using Bamboo Leaves, Pork, Sticky Rice, Shiitake Mushrooms and a Zongzi recipe.
Shiitake Mushrooms
Increases movement speed by +3 for 5 minutes.{nl}You can make Zongzi using Bamboo Leaves, Pork, Sticky Rice, Shiitake Mushrooms and a Zongzi recipe.
Zongzi
Delicious Zongzi.{nl}Increases movement speed +4, AoE attack ratio +1 and EXP gains +25% of all party members for 30 minutes.
Colorful Umbrella
Increases EXP gains, movement speed and max. HP with each stack for 30 minutes. Maximum of 5 stacks. 
Purple Drop
A colorful water drop.{nl}What secrets could it hold?
Red Drop
Blue Drop
Green Drop
Yellow Drop
A guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 1 and above.)
Chr Lv 1 Boost Pack (14 Days)
Chr Lv 50 Boost Pack (14 Days)
A guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 50 and above.)
Chr Lv 170 Boost Pack (14 Days)
A guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 170 and above.)
Chr Lv 220 Boost Pack (14 Days)
A guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by characters of level 220 and above.)
Team Lv 2 Boost Pack (14 Days)
A guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by players of team level 2 and above.)
Team Lv 3 Boost Pack (14 Days)
A guide cube.{nl}Use to obtain the items it contains.{nl}(Can be used by players of team level 3 and above.)
Kepa Fragment
Exchange 5 Kepa Fragments for a Silver Anvil (14 Days) at the Event Notice Board.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Illustration Contest Cube
Right-click to use. It can be used after 7 days from acquiring it.
Wear to change the appearance of your head. Hair Dyes will not apply.
 - Increase Backstab damage by 150%
Nak Muay Costume
Nak Muay class costume.
The Golden Pup is all about good vibes and good luck.
Represent your pup pride with this golden paw print accessory.
A lucky four-leaf clover.
A pair of wings shaped like a heart. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
A pair of angel wings. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Increases Looting Chance by +100 for 30 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown 30 min.
Ancient Golden Coin
An ancient golden coin from an unknown era of history.{nl}If you give it to the Traveling Merchant, you can use the Gem Draw free of charge and obtain a Gem of Lv 4 or above.
Increases your movement speed by 2 and your physical/magic attack by 50, for 30 minutes.{nl}Right-click to use.
Christmas Redsocks
Gem Draw
Use to obtain one Lv. 1 ~ Lv. 6 Red, Blue, Green, Yellow or Monster Gem. Right-click to use.
Ancient Golden Socket
Use to add a socket on equipment with 0 potential. The socket will not be added if the equipment has already reached its maximum socket limit. Right-click to use.
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of using Lv1 Pain Barrier upon being hit
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 10 seconds when using any type of HP potion
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Flying-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 6 seconds after using any type of SP potion
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Plate-wearing enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Mutant-type property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Pierce weapons
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Earth property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Medium-sized monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance per attack dealt of shocking an enemy for 3 sec
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 3% SP when attacked by large-sized monsters{nl}Cooldown 5 sec
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Mutant-type monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Movement Speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}/5] for 10 seconds after using Stamina potions
[Card Equip Effect] STR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2] 
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Ice property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Demon-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Leather-wearing enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against petrified enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2] 
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Small-sized monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Attack Speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}] when equipping two-handed weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Earth property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Beast-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance per attack dealt of poisoning an enemy for 6 sec
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Fire property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% per attack dealt of reducing damage received by 10% for 5 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Dark property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Poison property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against sleeping enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Fire property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2] 
[Card Equip Effect] SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2]
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Lightning property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of attacks being registered as rear attacks
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Dark property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Plant-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Cloth-wearing enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against stunned enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 6 seconds after using any type of SP potion
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Insect-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Ice property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Large-sized monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Poison property monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Boss monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]%
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 5% SP after defeating Lightning property monsters
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against frozen enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance per attack dealt of bleeding an enemy for 6 sec
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Stationary-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Attack Speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}] when equipping one-handed weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Missile weapons
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 1% SP when attacked by Medium-sized monsters{nl}Cooldown 5 sec
[Card Equip Effect] Sleep Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum HP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*90], Maximum SP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*15]
[Card Equip Effect] Accuracy +[{img star_mark 20 20}*1.5]
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of resurrecting with 10% HP after becoming incapable of combat  
[Card Equip Effect] Bleeding Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]
[Card Equip Effect] Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Slash weapons
[Card Equip Effect] INT +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2] 
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 0.5% HP when attacked by Small-sized monsters{nl}Cooldown 15 sec
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance per attack dealt of increasing Movement Speed +4 for 6 seconds
[Card Equip Effect] INT +[{img star_mark 20 20}] 
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against knocked-down enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Stun Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%, Sleep Resistance +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% 
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 10 seconds after using any type of HP potion
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/3]% chance per attack dealt of slowing down an enemy for 3 sec
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 2% HP when attacked by Medium-sized monsters{nl}Cooldown 15 sec
[Card Equip Effect] STR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2] 
[Card Equip Effect] INT +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2], SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}/2] 
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}]% chance of recovering 3% HP when attacked by Large-sized monsters{nl}Cooldown 15 sec
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against bleeding enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Provocation when attacking +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against poisoned enemies by [{img star_mark 20 20}]%
Woodspirit Card
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance of recovering [{img star_mark 20 20}*70] HP when attacked{nl}Cooldown 20 sec
Armaos Card
[Card Equip Effect] 10% chance of generating [{img star_mark 20 20}*100] Shield for 10 sec when attacked
Succubus Card
[Card Equip Effect] Provocation when attacking -[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Succubus when using Summoning
Stone FrosterCard
[Card Equip Effect] CON +[{img star_mark 20 20}*1.5] for 10 sec after using an HP potion
RafeneCard
[Card Equip Effect] STR, CON, INT, SPR, DEX +[{img star_mark 20 20}/3]
LavenzardCard
[Card Equip Effect] SPR +[{img star_mark 20 20}*1.5] for 10 sec after using an SP potion
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Lavenzard when using Summoning
Gorkas Card
[Card Equip Effect] Looting Chance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*5]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Gorkas when using Summoning
Froster Lord Card
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/2%] chance per attack dealt to freeze an enemy for 4 sec
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Froster Lord when using Summoning
A hammer with mysterious powers that allow it to dismantle all that it touches. Used to extract Blessed Shards.
Golden Dog Warrior Box
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.
Armadillo Egg
An armadillo egg obtained as an Adventure Journal reward. Right-click to use and register your Companion.{nl}This Companion can be mounted without a riding skill.
Golden Pup Popup Book
In some places, sticky taffy is offered to students as a wish to do well in their exams. Increases EXP gains by 30% for 30 minutes. Right-click to use.
Revitalize your body and mind after a stressful exam period. Recovers 600 HP and 200 SP every 10 seconds for 30 minutes. Right-click to use.
A sweet treat to stimulate brain activity. Increases movement speed by 2 for 30 minutes. Right-click to use.
Baby Pig Companion Voucher
A Companion Voucher obtained as an Adventure Journal Reward. Collect 20 and exchange them for a Baby Pig Companion at the Wings of Vaivora. 
Armadillo Companion Voucher
A Companion Voucher obtained as an Adventure Journal Reward. Collect 20 and exchange them for an Armadillo Companion at the Wings of Vaivora. 
Amulet
A relic containing the spirits of the Nak Muay Master's mentors. Use to check your distance from the Nak Muay Master.
Red Meduja Essence
Essence obtained from a Red Meduja. It can be used to help spirits approach earthly objects.
Bright Ellom Bell
Bright Ellom bells are a special kind of Ellom bells modified by the power of a spirit. They have the ability to cure ailments in departed spirits.
Spirit Medicine
House Sculpture
A little house sculpted by Tesla. It was made to soothe a homesick spirit.
Dandelion
A dandelion flower grown at the Inner Enceinte District. Despite the arid environment, it developed very well.
Dandelion Spore
Quest Item. Right-click to use.
Spores from an Inner Enceinte District dandelion.
A box discovered around a tomb. It feels like it's full of something.
A letter discovered inside the box. Someone wrote it to confess their feelings to a special person.
Stonecrops
Stonecrops from Akmens Ridge. They symbolize a girl's love.
Statice
Statice from Cranto Coast. They represent eternal love.
Strawberry Cupcake
A small treat made to soothe a spirit with a sweet tooth.
Iona's Box
A gift from Iona to appease a departed spirit.
Restores 30 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Velheider{nl} - Hoglan{nl} - Leaf Penguin{nl} - Baby Pig{nl} - Rocksodon{nl} - Armadillo{nl} - Golden Pup
Healthy food for your Penguin. Restores all of the HP and +15 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Penguin{nl} - Pengmarine{nl} - Winter Penguin
Looting Chance Potion (14 Days)
Increases Looting Chance by 100 for 30 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 minutes.{nl}- Cannot be stacked with other Looting Chance potions.
Lena Token
A token representing Wings of Vaivora's Lena from Klaipeda.{nl}Will be automatically deleted after the event.
Rosia Token
A token representing Wings of Vaivora's Rosia from Orsha.{nl}Will be automatically deleted after the event.
Vaivora Token
A token representing the Wings of Vaivora.{nl}Will be automatically deleted after the event.
[GM] Special Transformation Scroll
You need the head to fully transform into a lucky golden puppy! Right-click to use and change your appearance.
Why stick to looking golden when you can BE gold? 24K, baby. Right-click to use and change your appearance.
A weapon that uses a physical pipe to magnify magical power instead of jewels which were used by the majority of the great mages of that era. This was a very Masinios-like decision and the product of his early mid days.
 - Increase Backstab damage by 150%{nl}  - Impale Dagger skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
 - Full Metal Jacket skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}  - Limacon skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}  - Quick and Dead skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Achiva Bracelet
A common leather bracelet adorned with a flower trinket.
Mirti Bracelet
A bracelet decorated with colorful designs. The patterns were in fashion at the time the bracelet was created.
Ufhor Pearl Bracelet
Originally a pearl bracelet, the central ornament was changed to produce different effetcs. Now, this bracelet's offensive properties are known to tire the wearer.
Pik'o Pearl Bracelet
This bracelet reflects the efforts of its makers to achieve a balanced performance through the use of a stable gem.
Akro Galia Bangle
Product of countless experiments, this bracelet has been improved over time to produce the best results. Improving it any further would require a large amount of resources, which is why it hasn't been experimented on for some time.
Aiskus Bracelet
A bracelet made of mixed materials, said to improve mental clarity. Many of its wearers have experienced deeper states of meditation.
Santa Costume (Male)
Santa Costume (Female)
Hair accessory given to participants of the 2017 G-STAR.
Hair accessory given to participants of the 2017 G-STAR.
A cat headwear piece. Right-click to use.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
You can wear the crown lopsided and pretend to be a tired king. Just don't try to impersonate an actual king, unless you want to get arrested.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Lightning Cloud
Golden brown, fresh out of the toaster. Too bad you can't eat it.{nl}But you can exchange it for medals at the Exchange Shop.
An imaginative crown made from a gigantic red pudding. 
A pair of wings created by to the image of Giltine's. Unfortunately, they don't let you fly.
A pair of wings made out of ice. Unfortunately they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Restores 30 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Velheider{nl} - Hoglan{nl} - Leaf Penguin{nl} - Baby Pig{nl} - Rocksodon{nl} - Armadillo{nl} - Golden Pup
Shining Lv2 Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 300
Shining Lv3 Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 1200
Shining Lv4 Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 3900
Shining Lv5 Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 14700
Gem Abrasive: 5000
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 500{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Increases EXP gains, movement speed and maximum HP according to number of stacks for 30 minutes. Maximum 5 stacks.
Looting Chance: 100
Increases looting chance by 100 for 60 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 minutes.{nl}- Cannot be stacked with other looting chance potion.
Looting Chance: 300
Increases looting chance by 300 for 60 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 minutes.{nl}- cannot be stacked with other looting chance potion.
Looting Chance: 500
Increases looting chance by 500 for 60 minutes. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 minutes.{nl}- Cannot be stacked with other looting chance potion.
Collection: Coasts
Collection: Fantasy Library
Collection: Narvas Temple
Collection: Lanko Waters
Collection: Sage Master's Bookmark
Collection: Explorer Finds
Collection: Little Dexter's Gift
Sage Master's Red Bookmark
Collection Exclusive Items
A red bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Sage Master's Orange Bookmark
An orange bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Sage Master's Yellow Bookmark
A yellow bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Sage Master's Green Bookmark
A green bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Sage Master's Blue Bookmark
A blue bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Sage Master's Indigo Bookmark
An indigo bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Sage Master's Violet Bookmark
A violet bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Small Mithril Ore Fragment
A piece of shiny silver-like mineral. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Small Ithildin Ore Fragment
In the early days of the Kingdom, this precious ore could not be mined without the blessing of a goddess. Nowadays, it's not that difficult. This piece is small enough to fit in a box. Collection item.
Small Phydecium Fragment
Fragment of a green stone. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Small Opal Fragment
This stone is a mix of many colors. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Small Garnet Fragment
Though red like a ruby stone, this mineral isn't as scarce. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Small Obsidian Fragment
Fragment of a black translucent stone. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Small Peridot Fragment
A green precious stone, known in legends to protect humans from evil spirits. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Small Zircon Fragment
Fragment of a brown precious stone. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Wilting Weeds
A handful of common weeds brought by Dexter the cat. From the teeth marks, he seems to have ripped them off with his mouth. Collection item.
Someone's Mallet
A mallet brought by Dexter the cat. It looks like it was used for a long time. Where in the goddesses' realm did Dexter get this?
Fresh Fish
A small fish brought by Dexter the cat. It must have been caught just now, it's still jumping about. Does Dexter go fishing? Collection item.
Rusty Screw
A rusty screw brought by Dexter the cat. It's pretty rusty all over. Dexter's owner should be worried that his cat was carrying this in his mouth. Collection item.
Unripe Apple
An unripe apple brought by Dexter the cat. It's going to be a couple of days until it's good to eat. Collection item.
Torn Wood Pieces
Torn pieces of wood brought by Dexter the cat. They are quite small, enough to be carried by Dexter with his mouth. Collection item.
Dented Knife
A knife brought by Dexter the cat. It looks worn out and unkempt. Someone should really teach Dexter not to bring home such dangerous things. Collection item.
A Dimensional Search Scroll given by Kupole Rugile. Use it to check the dimensional crack that is being invaded by the demons. Collection item.
A crystallized fragment of a distorted dimension. It radiates light in many different colors. Collection item.
A core containing demonic energy. Kupole Danute used this with the Dimensional Essence to create protection crystals. Collection item.
A source of magic used to charge the Flicid Collapsing Device. Collection item.
A glowing tool dropped by a Carapace. The beads embedded in the center are shining with bright blue light. Collection item.
A match, the kind provided by supply soldiers. Used for various purposes. Collection item.
This arrow was found in a demon that fought Leonardas in a fierce battle. Collection item.
Leaves that grow from Lily Velly and Jelly Vellymonsters. They look moist, as if they were just watered. Collection item.
It looks like it was just cut off, but at the same time it's wet with water from the lake and it emits a mysterious energy. Collection item.
A water bottle, like those distributed by supply soldiers. It looks rusty in some places, so it probably doesn't belong to Leonardas. Collection item.
Use to receive one of the following random items. {nl} - Golden Pup Lucky Pouch{nl} - 24K Gold Bar Pup Helmet {nl} - Golden Pup Armband
(Old) Mirtis Cube
(Old) Helgasercle Cube
(Old) Rexipher Cube
(Old) Marnox Cube
(Old) Nuaele Cube
(Old) Zaura Cube
(Old) Blut Cube
Shining Demon Lord Mirtis Cube
Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.{nl}- The chances of obtaining a high-grade item are higher than normal cubes.
Shining Demon Lord Helgasercle Cube
Shining Demon Lord Rexipher Cube
Shining Demon Lord Marnox Cube
Shining Demon Lord Nuaele Cube
Shining Demon Lord Zaura Cube
Shining Demon Lord Blut Cube
Demon Lord Mirtis Cube
Demon Lord Helgasercle Cube
Demon Lord Rexipher Cube
Demon Lord Marnox Cube
Demon Lord Nuaele Cube
Demon Lord Zaura Cube
Demon Lord Blut Cube
Guild Quest Reward: Boss Raid
Reward box for successfully completing Boss Raid during Guild Quest.{nl}High chance to obtain ore.
Guild Quest Reward: Mission
Reward box for successfully completing Mission during Guild Quest.{nl}High chance to obtain seed.
Guild Quest Reward: Hair Accessory
Reward box for successfully completing Mission during Guild Quest.{nl}High chance to obtain Hair Accessory.
Condensed Earth Tower 5F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 10F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 15F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 20F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 25F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 30F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 35F Cube
Condensed Earth Tower 40F Cube
(Old) The First Refuge Raid Dungeon Cube
Lv 300 Challenge Cube
Lv 200 Challenge Cube
Shining Golden Socket
Helgasercle Card
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Helgasercle when using Summoning
Demon Lord Marnox Card
[Card Equip Effect] Minimum Critical Chance +[{img star_mark 20 20}*2]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Marnox when using Summoning
Demon Lord Blut Card
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}*3]% reduced damage taken in PVP
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Blut when using Summoning
Demon Lord Zaura Card
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Zaura when using Summoning
Demon Lord Nuaele Card
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Defense +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]%
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Nuaele when using Summoning
Demon Lord Helgasercle Card
[Card Equip Effect] Recover [{img star_mark 20 20}*20] SP per monster defeated
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Helgasercle when using Summoning
Demon Lord Rexipher Card
[Card Equip Effect] Movement Speed +[{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Rexipher when using Summoning
Demon Lord Mirtis Card
[Card Equip Effect] Reduce property penalties by [{img star_mark 20 20}*10]% 
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Mirtis when using Summoning
Prodigious Kugheri Balzermancer Card
[Card Equip Effect] EXP Gain +[{img star_mark 20 20}]%
Heretic Pantorex Card
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Beast-type monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}*7]%
Ripped Legend Enhancement Card
Use to enhance Legend cards up to Lv4.{nl}Cannot be equipped or used to enhance non-Legend cards.
Old Legend Enhancement Card
Use to enhance Legend cards up to Lv6.{nl}Cannot be equipped or used to enhance non-Legend cards.
Legend Enhancement Card
Use to enhance Legend cards up to Lv8.{nl}Cannot be equipped or used to enhance non-Legend cards.
Shining Legend Enhancement Card
Use to enhance Legend cards up to Lv10.{nl}Cannot be equipped or used to enhance non-Legend cards.
Gem Abrasive: 3000
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 3000
Time Crystal
Gem Abrasive: 15500
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 15500
Gem Abrasive: 31000
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 31000
Gem Abrasive: 62000
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 62000
Gem Abrasive: 124000
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 124000
2-Star Gem Abrasive
3-Star Gem Abrasive
4-Star Gem Abrasive
5-Star Gem Abrasive
7-Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 230700
8-Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 1094700
4-Star Gem Abrasive: 14 Days
Used to enhance gems. It drastically increases a gem's EXP. Upon pick-up, use within 14 days.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 3900
5-Star Gem Abrasive: 14 Days
Used to enhance gems. It drastically increases a gem's EXP. Upon pick-up, use within 14 days.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 
Shining 7-Star Gem Abrasive
Shining 8-Star Gem Abrasive
Shining Gem Abrasive: 145340
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 145340
Bookshelf of Ripped Books
A page ripped off a book, like the kind the Sage Master is collecting. Gather a few of these pages and take them to the Sage Master to exchange them for something else.
Guild Quest Reward Coin: Bronze
A coin used to gain +100 guild EXP.
Guild Quest Reward Coin: Silver
A coin used to gain +200 guild EXP.
Guild Quest Reward Coin: Gold
A coin used to gain +400 guild EXP.
Belorb
This Belorb is a copy produced by the Magic Association which, despite looking similar to original Belorbs, does not possess the full extent of their power.{nl}Belorbs were once divine objects kept by demons and goddesses. In fact, the outbreak of the Divine Tree occurred when demons interrupted their supply of Belorbs, which the Tree requires in order to function.
Time Crystal Fragment
Enhancement Card: 100
A card used to enhance a card. Increases a card's EXP by 100.
Emoticon: Kupole (Cheeky)
Emoticon: Kupole (Nervous)
Emoticon: Kupole (Shocked)
Emoticon: Kupole (Evil)
Emoticon: Kupole (Sigh)
Emoticon: Kupole (Peace)
Pheltremin
High elasticity mineral created through the combination of Phydecium and Mithril. Used as a material for other items.
Ulstermite
Mineral of high fire properties created through the combination of Terranium and Mithril. Used as a material for other items.
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}- Can be mounted without a riding skill, and your character will not dismount when attacked. If you attack, however, you dismount automatically.{nl}- Use the mounting shortcut keys to ride the Sled from wherever you are.{nl}- Buff: +6 movement speed.{nl}- Cannot be used with mounted skills.{nl}- Can be exchanged for medals.
Use to open the popup book. Use again to put it away. Interact with the open book to play the background music. The book closes automatically after 10 minutes.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Hayraven's Unofficial Chronicles Part 1
Story of Hayraven. Right-click to read. 
Hayraven's Unofficial Chronicles Part 2
Golden Note - War Journal Vol.1
Story of the Golden Note mercenaries. Right-click to read. 
Golden Note - War Journal Vol.2
Master of the Arena Vol. 1
Story of the battle arena. Right-click to read. 
Master of the Arena Vol. 2
Literature of the Kingdom: The Polanyi Territories Vol. 1
Story of the Pledge of the Blade mercenaries. Right-click to read. 
Literature of the Kingdom: The Polanyi Territories Vol. 2
The Origin of Nicopolis
Story of the origin of Nicopolis. Right-click to read. 
Legend of the Mausoleum
Story of the royal mausoleum of Zachariel the Great. Right-click to read. 
Encyclopedia of Masters, Chapter 3
Story of the current Class Masters, written by the Sage Master. Right-click to read. 
Ancient Affairs: Concerning Boruta
Story of the legendary dragon Boruta. Right-click to read. 
Herrmun-Madale River Crossing Incident
Story of the Herrmun-Madale river crossing incident during the era of Jeromel I. Right-click to read. 
Taokaka's Adventure
Story of Taokaka's adventure during the era of King Melkhiel. Right-click to read. 
Chridela Otero Diaries Pt. 1
Story of Matador Master Chridela Otero. Right-click to read. 
Chridela Otero Diaries Pt. 2
Zealot Master Diaries Pt. 1
Story of Zealot Master Aliza Tal. Right-click to read. 
Shadow Master's Experiment Journal Pt. 1
Story of Shadowmancer Master Eclipse Ubik. Right-click to read. 
Winter Flint
Story of Bullet Marker Flint Winterwood. Right-click to read. 
Opinion about the Nheto Forest Paintings written by Chronomancer Master Lucid Winterspoon. Right-click to read. 
[E-Run] 5-Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}Gem EXP Gain: 14700{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Special Blue Orb
 during the event mission.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Will install a monster trap when used.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Event material item.{nl}Can be used to increase the level of captured monsters.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Use to obtain a random reward item.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Blue Fragment
Event material item.{nl}Can be exchanged for useful items.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Created to celebrate TOS' 2nd Anniversary.
2nd Anniversary Seeds
Created to celebrate TOS' 2nd Anniversary.{nl}Can be exchanged for items at the event shop. Will be deleted after the event period.
Christmas Firecracker
Christmas event item. Will be deleted after the event period.
Challenge Portal Scroll (14 Days)
Use to create a Challenge Portal.
Frozen Monster Card Album
A card album covered in snow. You're advised to read it in a quiet, secluded place.{nl}Can be used from level 100 and up.{nl}Use to summon a level 330 boss monster. The summoned boss disappears after 10 minutes.{nl}Can only be used in fields.
Christmas Gift Key
Christmas event item. Will be deleted after the event period. 
 Take it to the event NPC to receive your reward. Will be deleted after the event period.
New Year's Card
A 2018 New Year's card.
Monster Card Album: Black
A card album emitting an ominous energy. You're advised to read it in a quiet, secluded place.{nl}Can be used from level 300 and up.{nl}Use to summon a level 330 boss monster or a field boss monster (higher field boss monsters will drop cubes).{nl}The summoned boss disappears after 10 minutes (field boss monsters disappear after 120 minutes).{nl}Can only be used in fields.
Adventurer's Token
A token made by Anastazija as proof of all the locations she explored. 
I, Anastazija, have explored this entire region
Is engraved on the back of the token.
Preppy Freshman School Uniform (Male)
Your classic private academy uniform. Use to change your appearance.
Preppy Freshman School Uniform (Female)
Mint Freshman School Uniform (Male)
Look minty fresh and ready for school. Use to change your appearance.
Pink Freshman School Uniform (Female)
The best uniform for the Spring semester. Use to change your appearance.
Student Council School Uniform (Male)
For the student who is wise and responsible. Use to change your appearance.
Mint Freshman School Uniform (Female)
Pink Freshman School Uniform (Male)
Student Council School Uniform (Female)
Trouble Gang School Uniform (Male)
You may be suspended for wearing this to school. Use to change your appearance.
Trouble Gang School Uniform (Female)
Velcoffer Horns
An ornament made from the horns of Velcoffer's guards, said to inspire terror in all the little demons.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Velcoffer Wings Ornament
An ornament made to the image of Velcoffer's wings. The resemblance is uncanny.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Genealogical Standards Manual
Wear this book on your head to absorb the information it contains.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Nerd Glasses
You're not a committed nerd until you're wearing these glasses.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Fancy Backpack
The latest in designer backpacks.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals.
Good Student Stamp
Jump to display the effect.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Freshman School Uniform Box (Male)
Freshman School Uniform Box (Female)
An armband given to participants in thes new Guild Territory Wars.
Shining 9 Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 5414700
Challenge Portal Scroll
Title - No. 1 Territory Wars Tester
A title given to players who provided the best feedback on the Guild Territory Wars.
TOS Specialty Armband
A special armband for a special savior. 
Two-handed Sword [Strike]
Rod [Strike]
One-handed Blunt [Strike]
Two-handed Blunt [Strike]
Staff [Strike]
The magic extracted from ferns can be made to possess either light seeking or shunning characteristics. However, due to cost and practicality reasons, it is made to resist darkness even if it is theoretically possible to make it resist light.
Some wizards tried but have failed to find if the new appearance of magical items in the Allerno region is due to the demons. Items that resist darkness such as this are proof that the theory is unlikely.
Something of equal equivalence must be paid when depending on the dark energy.
Sugar Necklace (Physical) (7 Days)
Special items for a sugary filled day. Equip with the Sugar Bracelet to complete the set and receive the effects. This item will be deleted when the event is over.
Sugar Necklace (Magic) (7 Days)
A slightly broken necklace, which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to be found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
A necklace which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to be found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% attack when using the following skills{nl}- Fireball{nl} - Fire Wall{nl} - Flare{nl} - Fire Pillar{nl} - Hell Breath{nl} - Flame Ground{nl} - Meteor{nl} - Incineration{nl} - Prominence{nl} - Combustion{nl} - Immolation
Electra Necklace
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% Skill Factor when using the following skills{nl}- Electrocute{nl} - Zaibas{nl} - Divine Punishment{nl} - Fanatic Illusion
A necklace made from crystal struck by lightning. It feels as though it could give you a shock. 
Ledas Necklace
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% attack when using the following skills{nl}- Ice Bolt{nl} - Ice Pike{nl} - Ice Blast{nl} - Snow Rolling{nl} - Frost Pillar{nl} - Hail{nl} - Freezing Sphere{nl} - Water Shikigami
Made by a talented craftsman using icicles that will never melt. Wear it in the summer and you will feel especially cool. 
Zemej Necklace
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% Skill Factor when using the following skills{nl}- Earthquake{nl} - Storm Dust{nl} - Greenwood Shikigami{nl} - Toyou
Emits an unidentifiable warm energy. Equip it and your body will become warm and your cares will fade away.
A necklace occasionally found in the labyrinth that has been treated to various transmutations and has become very effective at blocking Dark property damage.
Sugar Bracelet (Physical) (7 Days)
Special items for a sugary filled day. Equip with the Sugar Necklace to complete the set and receive the effects. This item will be deleted when the event period ends.
Sugar Bracelet (Magic) (3 Days)
A slightly broken bracelet, which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to be found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
A bracelet which seems to be very effective at blocking Dark property damage. It is said to be found occasionally deep inside the labyrinth.
A bracelet occasionally found in the labyrinth that has become very effective at blocking Dark property damage due to the various materials added to it.
Retiarius Tiro Costume
Tiro is the title given to rookie gladiators and as such, this outfit is given to those just starting their gladiator training. 
Retiarius Tiro Special Costume
Retiarius Provocator Costume
To excite the spectators for the main attraction is a role fit for gladiators who have less experience in the arena. 
Retiarius Provocator Special Costume
Retiarius Primus Palus Costume
Primus Palus, a high ranking gladiator. A title given to gladiators who have survived countless fights in the arena.
Retiarius Primus Palus Special Costume
Retiarius Rudiarius Costume
Rudiarius is a title given to gladiators who have earned their freedom and have fulfilled all requirements to retire from the arena.
Retiarius Rudiarius Special Costume
Onmyoji Robe Costume
A basic outfit given to less experienced Onmyoji.
Onmyoji Robe Special Costume
Onmyoji Kingdom Costume
An outfit that commemorates the kingdom chosen by the Onmyoji.
Onmyoji Kingdom Special Costume
Onmyoji Origin Costume 
An outfit designed to celebrate and remember one's Onmyoji origins. 
Onmyoji Origin Special Costume 
Onmyoji Royal Court Costume
A special outfit that was handed down from the royal family to the Onmyoji thousands of years ago. 
Onmyoji Royal Court Special Costume
A hat worn by those participating in a parade or unique event.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Wearing this won't give you any special powers against demons or vice-versa.
An ornament fashioned to look like a mystical unicorn horn. Sadly, there is nothing that can compare to the real thing.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
If you wear this ornament when you feel goosebumps, the ghosts will accept you as one of them{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Rumors say, if you wear this mask, you'll be invited to a party in a faraway land.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop
A blue ribbon tied in a beautiful knot.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Woohoo! Wear this ornament when you want to throw away your burdens and find a place where you can belong in your natural state of being.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
TestHairAccessory5
Requires a description.
Rumors say, in a faraway land wearing this will transform you into a passionate dancer. {nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A crown created on behalf of a nameless queen.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop.
Wear this during an "Yes! Eureka!" moment and you'll be able to maximize the excitement.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop. 
Wear this when you're angry and you'll be able to convey your absolute fury!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop. 
What a delicious looking strawberry-flavored dessert pudding! Wait, don't eat it! It's just for looks.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in the Exchange Shop. 
A hair accessory in the shape of butterfly wings. the black lace and golden details give it an aura of opulence.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
An ornament that embodies the power of a boss bear. It's said that even the strongest of bears will cry and run away after seeing this.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A cool hat that stands out for its red-checkers design.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
An ornament made from beautiful starfish and brightly colored seashells. If mermaids exist, you'll attract them with this.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
For when you go on a picnic or just simply want to embody the feeling.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
This adornment decorated with fresh, delicious hanging fruits will make you want to eat them to abate your hunger.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
[Reveal] Deathweaver Cutter (30 Days)
[Reveal] Deatheweaver Tooth (30 Days)
[Reveal] Deathweaver Rod (30 Days)
[Reveal] Melinas Staff (30 Days)
[Reveal] Deathweaver Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Deathweaver Cross Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Vubbe Morning Star (30 Days)
[Reveal] Vubbe Armor (30 Days)
[Reveal] Vubbe Boots (30 Days)
[Reveal] Cheminis Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Chapparition Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Chapparition Rod (30 Days)
[Reveal] Patrice Staff (30 Days)
[Reveal] Chapparition Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Chapparition Shooter (30 Days)
[Reveal] Chapparition Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Silver Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Cheminis Pike (30 Days)
[Reveal] Mark Tunic (30 Days)
[Reveal] Mark Pants (30 Days)
[Reveal] Durandal (30 Days)
[Reveal] Flamini (30 Days)
[Reveal] Secretum (30 Days)
[Reveal] Candle Staff (30 Days)
[Reveal] Heart Seeker (30 Days)
[Reveal] Shooting Star (30 Days)
[Reveal] Escanciu Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Doom Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Laideca (30 Days)
[Reveal] Brigandine Armor (30 Days)
[Reveal] Brigandine Pants (30 Days)
[Reveal] Belnium (30 Days)
[Reveal] Tily Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Temere (30 Days)
[Reveal] Sunflower (30 Days)
[Reveal] Wilding Bane (30 Days)
[Reveal] Seimos Crossbow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Seimos Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Seimos Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Seimos Pike (30 Days)
[Reveal] Hunting Armor (30 Days)
[Reveal] Hunting Pants (30 Days)
[Reveal] Flame (30 Days)
[Reveal] Hell and Heaven (30 Days)
[Reveal] Casti Rod (30 Days)
[Reveal] Maledoom (30 Days)
[Reveal] Casti Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Caracha Cross Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Drake Tail (30 Days)
[Reveal] Casti Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Magas Pike (30 Days)
[Reveal] Dualist (30 Days)
[Reveal] Veteran Tunic (30 Days)
[Reveal] Veteran Pants (30 Days)
[Reveal] Pensara Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Pensara Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Pensara Rod (30 Days)
[Reveal] Power Staff (30 Days)
[Reveal] Markmen (30 Days)
[Reveal] Didel Grand Cross (30 Days)
[Reveal] Pensara Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Pensara Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Pensara Pike (30 Days)
[Reveal] Spada (30 Days)
[Reveal] Finisher (30 Days)
[Reveal] Bandit Armor (30 Days)
[Reveal] Bandit Pants (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Rod (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Crossbow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Pike (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Staff (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Pistol (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Rapier (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Cannon (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Migatis Musket (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Albinosas Leather Armor (30 Days)
A strong piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
[Reveal] Primus Albinosas Leather Pants (30 Days)
A strong piece of armor made from an extremely rare type of white leather.
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Rod (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Bow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Crossbow (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Spear (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Pike (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Staff (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Pistol (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Rapier (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Cannon (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Pevordimas Musket (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Kaulas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Reveal] Primus Kaulas Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Event] Pink Candy
Two delicious pink candies resting on two dollops of cream. 
The latest in designer backpacks.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals.
Missio Galerus
[Retiarius Special Costume]
Missio were gladiators who were given the right to leave the arena. Their specially designed shoulder guards were everlasting proof of their freedom.
RegentsDiploma Sash
Onmyoji Special Costume 
A special ornament given to Onmyoji to recognize their distinguished contributions after Medzio Diena.
When attacking an enemy, gives 10% chance of applying a curse of elemental damage. The curse adds one of four - Fire, Ice, Poison, Lightning - random elemental damage to the target and it will take 1500-2500 damage each second for 6 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown 180 seconds.
Retribution Potion: Demon
Increases damage to Demon type bosses by 100% for 10 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 30 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Retribution Potion: Mutant
Increases damage to Mutant type bosses by 100% for 10 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 30 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Retribution Potion: Insect
Increases damage to Insect type bosses by 100% for 10 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 30 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Retribution Potion: Plant
Increases damage to Plant type bosses by 100% for 10 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 30 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Retribution Potion: Beast
Increases damage to Beast type bosses by 100% for 10 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 30 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Aegis Potion: Demon
Reduces damage from Demon type bosses by 50% for 30 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 60 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Aegis Potion: Mutant
Reduces damage from Mutant type bosses by 50% for 30 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 60 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Aegis Potion: Insect
Reduces damage from Insect type bosses by 50% for 30 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 60 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Aegis Potion: Plant
Reduces damage from Plant type bosses by 50% for 30 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 60 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Aegis Potion: Beast
Reduces damage from Beast type bosses by 50% for 30 seconds.{nl}Cooldown 60 seconds.{nl}Up to 30 can be carried at a time.
Collection: Main Building
Collection: Grand Corridor
Collection: Penitence Route of Great Cathedral
Collection: Grand Corridor
Guild Quest Reward: Special Potion
An additional prize chest given to guilds who have successfully completed a guild quest mission.{nl}Open them to obtain recipes to create potions with unique effects. 
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*7] when equipping Strike weapons
It's a barbed arrow. Adds an additional Strike effect. 
Rete
A net used by Retiarii.
Onmyoji Paper Doll
Retiarius Fishing Net
Paper Doll
A paper doll used by the Onmyoji to call upon Divine Spirits.
Mineral of high fire properties created through the combination of Terranium and Mithril. Used as a material for other items.
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without a riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the character's Holy property attack.{nl}- Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
[Reveal] Goddess Sculpture
Install a Goddess' Statue which provides Goddess's Blessing for five minutes.
[Reveal] 5-Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}Gem EXP Gain: 14700{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
[Reveal] Instance One Entry Voucher
Use it to enter an instanced dungeon one more time.
[Reveal] Instance Dungeon Reset Voucher
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.15) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 15 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.40) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 40 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.50) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 50 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.75) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 75 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.85) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 85 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.100) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 100 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.120) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 120 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.140) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 140 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.170) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 170 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.180) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 180 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.200) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 200 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.220) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 220 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.230) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 230 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.270) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 270 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.300) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 300 or above to use.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.320) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 330 or above to use.
[Reveal] Shining Golden Anvil
Can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. When you fail at an enhance level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10. Right-click to use.
[Reveal] Miracle Seeds
Use to grow a sprout containing all the grace of the goddesses.
[Reveal] Booster Pack (Lv.350) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 350 or above to use.
Jumping Character Exchange Ticket
A ticket from the jumping character package.{nl} Will be deleted when the event period ends.
[Reveal] Jumping Package 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 15 or above to use.
EXP Card (Lv.300)
Increases EXP up to character level 300. Can be used at level 50 and lower.
1000 Attribute Points
Event item.{nl}Gives 1000 Attribute Points. Right-click to use. 
[Reveal] Daily Attribute Points
Right-click to use. Can gain 500 Attribute Points every day during the event period.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
[Reveal] Title - Ultimate Savior
A special title to celebrate the Reveal event. Will be deleted when the event period ends. 
Can be used with the Golden Dog event shop. Will be deleted when the event period ends. 
obtained. Will be deleted when the event period ends.
A lucky title to celebrate the Year of the Golden Dog. Will be deleted when the event period ends. 
Sweet Valentine Chocolates
When used once, increases EXP gains by 10%, max HP 500, recovers HP 100/ SP 50 every 10 seconds for 30 minutes. Up to 5 can be stacked at a time. Will be deleted when the event ends.
Mercenary Post One Entry Voucher
Use to enter a Mercenary Post mission one more time.
Guild Quest One Entry Voucher
Use to gain one additional Guild Quest (Mission/Raid) entry. 
Master Trial Easy Level Voucher
An item received from the Master Trial Event Helper
Voucher needed for training.{nl}Can receive one per day from the Master Trial Event Helper.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Small Potential Fragment
A reward obtained from training with the master.{nl}Collect 5 and trade them to the Master Trial Event Helper for a Infinite Potential Cube.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Infinite Potential Cube
A reward obtained from training with the master.{nl}Use to receive a random item from the reward's list.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Master Trial Medium Level Voucher
Master Trial High Level Voucher
Master Trial Advanced Level Voucher
A box containing a Retiarius Rudiarius Costume.{nl}You must first advance to Retiarius to use.{nl}The costume cannot be moved to Team Storage. 
Onmyoji Royal Court Costume Box 
A box containing a Onmyoji Royal Court Costume.{nl}You must first advance to Onmyoji to use.{nl}The costume cannot be moved to Team Storage.
Miracle Seeds (1 Day)
Lift Curse Potion
Holy water that neutralizes Velcoffer's Curse. Resets the effects of the curse. 
Soaked Monster Card Album (14 Days)
Lightning Fragment
Food used to help one's body during basic training. Will recover HP for 3 minutes after digesting.
Training Dumbbell
A training dumbbell to fortify muscles.
Training Sandbag
A training sandbag to build endurance.
Check your goals while completing endurance training.
Retiarius Training Check Orb
Can check your Retiarius training and HP training stats. Will take into consideration your latest results. 
List of Supporters
A list received from Uska. It's a record on each supporter who promised to help gather donations for the Onmyoji Master's country. 
Saltisdaughter Fur
Saltisdaughter Fur. Can be made into a Fur Piece. 3 pieces of fur can make 1-2 Fur Pieces. Right-click to make.
Saltisdaughter Fur Piece
A fur piece consisting of Saltisdaughter leather and fur.
Dry Wood
Not a single bit of water is left on this perfectly dried wood. It looks amazingly sturdy. 
Mushroom Samples
Mushroom Samples. They may or may not be contaminated. 
Grape Seed Samples
Grape Seed Samples. They may or may not be contaminated. 
Ducky Leather
Ducky Leather. Can be made into Processed Leather. 2 pieces of Ducky Leather can make 1 Processed Leather. Right-click to make.
Processed Ducky Leather
Processed Ducky Leather that is protected from corruption. 
Simple Brooch 
A very simple looking brooch. This looks like the brooch Pirate Captain Lowe is looking for.
Hard Thistle
Hard-looking thistle. It gives off an interesting smell.
Dimensional Stone Detector
A detector developed to find dimensional stones. Right-click to search for nearby sacks.
Sample Dimensional Stone Sack
A sack containing sample dimensional stones. Something about these stones doesn't feel right.
Spell Scroll
A spell scroll to prevent food from going bad. Contains a spell that temporarily preserves food. Right click to use the scroll.
Training Shikiban 
A divination tool given to you by the Onmyoji Master. The Onmyoji Master has adapted it to fit well with your Focus Training. Use it to change the direction of the moving paper dolls. 
A pouch given by the Sapper Master.
This is a pouch given to you by the Sapper Master. As you walk you can hear a soft jingling sound coming from it. 
A Key from the Linker Submaster
This is a key given to you by the Linker Submaster. It's made from the materials you gathered. With this key, you will be able to entered the Two dimensional world found in Tenet Church 1F.
Quest Reward. Gives 100 Attribute Points. Right-click to use.
Spring Farmer Boy Costume (Male)
Nothing like Spring in the countryside. Use to change your appearance.
Spring Farmer Girl Costume (Female)
Nothing like Spring in the countryside. Use to change your appearance.
Fruit Snack Basket
A basket of delicious fresh fruits for you to snack on after a hard day at work on the farm.
Little Grain of Rice
This little grain of rice is almost ready to be harvested. For now, it's still a little shy.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Elephant Watering Can
Don't forget to water the flowers!{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
[Premium] Costume
Spring Farmer Hat
Gotta protect your eyes from that afternoon sun.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Rusty Pitchfork
Your farmer look isn't complete without a classic pitchfork.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Velcoffer Helmet
Dragons can be biologically classified by how magic affects them. For one, it's been proven that dragons belong in the same broad category as Beast type monsters, due to how similarly they react to specific types of magic. 
 - [Bash] skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}10
 - 5% chance to inflict [Bleeding] on enemies for 30 seconds every 1.5 seconds when using Shark Cutter{nl} - A basic attack will hit 5 successive times every 5 times you apply [Bleeding] to enemies{nl} - {img red_down_arrow 16 16} 50% reduced damage of [Ghost] armor-type targets
Velcoffer Sword
Dragons have been known to store the divine vital force they find spread throughout the world in their bodies, in the hopes of gathering the power to defy future goddesses. That vital force, however, can also be used by humans to produce weapons. An example of that is Teliavelis' gear series, where the designs take inspiration from dragons. 
Velcoffer Two-handed Sword
Some speculate that goddesses like Austeja are for the preservation of dragons as a means to provide some kind of security for humans in the future. Teliavelis, on the other hand, believes that it is simply a proof of the goddesses' respect for all living creatures.
Velcoffer Rod
It is said that those who are spiritually sensitive can discern the energy of both goddesses and dragons in this weapon. The combination of such contrasting powers remains forever unfamiliar to those who experience it.
Velcoffer Bow
Many artisans believe they can produce Velcoffer equipment from regular materials. However, Teliavelis has shown that it takes a talented blacksmith to be able to handle materials containing the power of the goddesses.
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
 - Increases Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Running Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Velcoffer Crossbow
This weapon is produced with real dragon scales, although one knows for sure how Teliavelis obtains them.
Velcoffer Mace
Teliavelis is the only blacksmith known to have mastered the technique required to quickly solidify metal components. Some believe he uses the intense cooling properties of dragons when casting the metal.
Velcoffer Two-handed Mace
Although its handle is made of metal, this weapon produces no unwanted vibration when hitting the target. You could say that it is proof of Teliavelis' extraordinary talent.
Velcoffer Shield
According to a recently uncovered Exorcist report, after its design was initially revealed, this shield caught the attention of several high-ranking demons. Realistically, of course, it is highly unlikely that any of them will ever possess one. 
Velcoffer Spear
Some artisans and wizards suspect that Teliavelis may have gotten the Velcoffer Spear and Pike designs confused when crafting this weapon. The difference is merely visual, however, as it doesn't affect the weapons' performance.
 - Deals {img green_up_arrow 16 16}235 additional damage when using [Impaler]
Velcoffer Pike
The ornaments may resemble a pair of wings, but this weapon is not intended to be thrown over long distances.
Velcoffer Dagger
Some believe that the blade is made not from metal, but dragon bone. Unfortunately, dragon bones are a rare material, making this claim almost impossible to confirm.
 - 20% chance of dealing additional Fire property damage equal to 33% of your character level for 10 sec when using Hell Breath.
Velcoffer Staff
Teliavelis hopes this weapon will once become a symbol of victory over the dragons for humans and goddesses.
Velcoffer Pistol
After the reappearance of dragons, Flint Winterwood is said to be researching new ways to create stronger, heat-resistant weapons by using dragon materials.
Velcoffer Rapier
Despite its design, this sword provides decent protection to both hands and wrists. Some users, however, say that holding it can feel like touching the inside of a dragon's mouth.
Velcoffer Cannon
Recently, the Cannoneer Master has announced her opposition to the use of this weapon for military purposes. She firmly believes that the Royal Army should not mass-produce rare weapons like this one. 
 - [Covering Fire] skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16} 1
Velcoffer Musket
Experts who have used this weapon tend to have a good impression of it. Its only flaw, they say, is that it can be hard to clean without getting injured. Fortunately, at least, it doesn't seem to backfire any sparks when used.
Velcoffer Robe
Surprisingly, the Velcoffer Robe is the most difficult piece to produce out of the entire Velcoffer gear series. This is because the robe is made from very delicate materials.
Velcoffer Leather Armor
Many believe, mistakenly, that Velcoffer equipment is made with dragon leather. While it is true that Teliavelis uses dragon materials in his gear, this piece does not include any dragon leather components.
Velcoffer Plate Armor
One legend says that Froster Lord used the power of Giltine to freeze over the world of the dragons a long time ago. Such strong magic can only be undone if Giltine herself allows her powers to be used again. 
Velcoffer Pants
Some say that Teliavelis has several ideas ready for future gear series, ideas no one has ever thought of before. Apparently, he is just waiting for the right time to reveal them.
Velcoffer Leather Pants
According to Teliavelis, after Medzio Diena the magic used to enhance equipment items has been irreversibly changed. Therefore, in his gear he prefers to focus on the performance, leaving the magic components open to more diverse setups.
Velcoffer Plate Pants
According to legends, the most powerful dragons are still alive in the dragon world. As long as their realm is dominated by the Froster Lord, however, the dragons will remain trapped there, unable to escape. 
Sausis Leather Boots
Although they maintain their traditional style to this day, the original Sausis boots were unimaginably faster.
Velcoffer Boots
One legend says that Velcoffer originally worked as a guard for an even stronger dragon. Whether that was true or not, the dragon he was said to work for is no longer alive.
Velcoffer Leather Boots
A few Class Masters believe that, if Teliavelis was involved in producing equipment for the goddesses, that could constitute proof that he is part of the Amzinas. The other Amzinas, however, have never confirmed whether that is true or simply a rumor.
Velcoffer Greaves
No one knows for sure if there are other dragons besides Boruta and Velcoffer roaming our world, but the possibility is there. Especially after Medzio Diena, these creatures have had more opportunities than ever to escape their confinement.
Velcoffer Gloves
While many consider Teliavelis a great craftsman, some believe that there is something more to his originality. It is thought that his pieces were designed with the wisdom of the goddesses, and that he is merely their maker and conveyer.
Velcoffer Leather Gloves
Sometimes, finished pieces of Velcoffer gear are found in our world. Strangely enough, they don't seem to have been made by humans, which has led magic Class Masters to assume that the goddesses possessed the original versions of Teliavelis' items.
Velcoffer Plate Gauntlets
Legends tell that one powerful dragon named Boruta crossed over to our world a long time ago. They say that, compared to him, Velcoffer is still a relatively young dragon.
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% Skill Factor when using the following skills{nl}- Fireball{nl} - Fire Wall{nl} - Fire Pillar{nl} - Hell Breath{nl} - Flame Ground{nl} - Meteor{nl} - Incineration{nl} - Prominence{nl} - Combustion{nl} - Immolation
 - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% attack when using the following skills{nl}- Ice Bolt{nl} - Ice Pike{nl} - Ice Blast{nl} - Snow Rolling{nl} - Frost Pillar{nl} - Hail{nl} - Freezing Sphere{nl} - Water Shikigami
Varpas Necklace
Considering that this necklace can drop from defeated demons, one would think that it does not distinguish between the good and bad nature of the wearer. On the other hand, it could also mean that the necklace is likely to betray its lawful owner.
VerijoNecklace
There is a strong possibility that Demon Goddess Ragana is connected to this piece. She is said to belong to a trinity of demon deities. 
Velcoffer Costume
Dragons can be biologically classified by how magic affects them. For one, it's been proven that dragons belong in the same broad category as Beast type monsters, due to how similarly they react to specific types of magic. Use to change your appearance.
Matador Velbestiary Costume (Male)
A Matador who wears this costume is one with a deep understanding of the behavioral and biological traits of all beasts, as well as the longs history of the demonic world.
Matador Velbestiary Special Costume
Retiarius Rudiarius Costume (Male)
Retiarius Rudiarius Costume (Female)
Matador Velbestiary Costume (Female)
Onmyoji Royal Court Costume (Male)
Onmyoji Royal Court Costume (Female)
Shadowmancer Super Ensconcer Costume (Male)
Costume awarded to Shadowmancers who have shown outstanding results in the field of shadow magic. Recently, it has been worn by achievers not only in scientific research, but in other aspects of the Shadowmancer tradition as well.
Shadowmancer Super Ensconcer Costume (Female)
Shadowmancer Super Ensconcer Special Costume
Bullet Marker Flinter Costume (Male)
Bullet Marker Flinter Costume (Female)
Bullet Marker Flinter Special Costume
Zealot Divine Vesture Costume (Male)
Only the most honored Zealots are allowed to wear these garments. This includes members who have found the goddesses or who have made equally important contributions to the Zealot cause.
Zealot Divine Vesture Costume (Female)
Zealot Divine Vesture Special Costume
Equipment for an Archer Circle 3. Use the item to wear it.{nl}- Changes the effects of Multi Shot.
Equipment for a Quarrel Shooter Circle 3. Use the item to wear it.{nl}- Changes the arrows of Running Shot.
Cherry Blossom Hairpin
Tricolor Treat Hairpin
Potted Flower
Take good care of this flower so it can grow strong and beautiful, just like you.
Blue Beret
A stunning blue beret.
Green Beret
Don't lose it in a forest, or you'll never find it again.
 Event item.
2018 Tree Lover Costume (Male)
Do you love trees? We all love trees. Use to change your appearance.
2018 Tree Lover Costume (Female)
The favorite food of Lesser Pandas and Dodo Birds. Completely restores your companion's HP and restores their Stamina by 60.
Goddess' Retribution Potion: Devil
Increases damage to Devil type boss monsters by 100% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Goddess' Retribution Potion: Mutant
Increases damage to Mutant type boss monsters by 100% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Goddess' Retribution Potion: Insect
Increases damage to Insect type boss monsters by 100% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Goddess' Retribution Potion: Plant
Increases damage to Plant type boss monsters by 100% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Goddess' Retribution Potion: Beast
Increases damage to Beast type boss monsters by 100% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Goddess' Aegis Potion: Devil
Reduces damage received from Devil type boss monsters by 50% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Goddess' Aegis Potion: Mutant
Reduces damage received from Mutant type boss monsters by 50% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Goddess' Aegis Potion: Insect
Reduces damage received from Insect type boss monsters by 50% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Goddess' Aegis Potion: Plant
Reduces damage received from Plant type boss monsters by 50% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Goddess' Aegis Potion: Beast
Reduces damage received from Beast type boss monsters by 50% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Hero's Retribution Potion: Devil
Increases damage to Devil type boss monsters by 50% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Hero's Retribution Potion: Mutant
Increases damage to Mutant type boss monsters by 50% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Hero's Retribution Potion: Insect
Increases damage to Insect type boss monsters by 50% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Hero's Retribution Potion: Plant
Increases damage to Plant type boss monsters by 50% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Hero's Retribution Potion: Beast
Increases damage to Beast type boss monsters by 50% for 10 sec.{nl}Cooldown 30 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Retribution Potions.
Hero's Aegis Potion: Devil
Reduces damage received from Devil type boss monsters by 25% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Hero's Aegis Potion: Mutant
Reduces damage received from Mutant type boss monsters by 25% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Hero's Aegis Potion: Insect
Reduces damage received from Insect type boss monsters by 25% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Hero's Aegis Potion: Plant
Reduces damage received from Plant type boss monsters by 25% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Hero's Aegis Potion: Beast
Reduces damage received from Beast type boss monsters by 25% for 30 sec.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.{nl}Does not stack with other Aegis Potions.
Hero's Retribution Potion: Devil (Feud)
Hero's Retribution Potion: Mutant (Feud)
Hero's Retribution Potion: Insect (Feud)
Hero's Retribution Potion: Plant (Feud)
Hero's Retribution Potion: Beast (Feud)
Hero's Aegis Potion: Devil (Feud)
Hero's Aegis Potion: Mutant (Feud)
Hero's Aegis Potion: Insect (Feud)
Hero's Aegis Potion: Plant (Feud)
Hero's Aegis Potion: Beast (Feud)
Allows you to enter Earth Tower once.
Sage Master's Yellow Bookmark
A yellow bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
Artisan Weapon Recipe Box (Lv. 350)
Select a Lv 350 recipe that can be crafted with fewer materials. Right-click to use.
(Old) Cube of Blessing
Sister Aiste's Gift
A kind gift from Sister Aiste. Open to receive Blessed Shard x2.{nl}- Can be obtained 3 times per day.
Velcoffer Cube
Shining Lv 300 Challenge Cube
Will not decrease enhancement values even if the attempt fails. However, your item will lose potential. At 0 potential, the item is destroyed.
Will not decrease enhancement values even if the attempt fails. However, your item will lose potential. At 0 potential, the item is destroyed. Use within 14 days.
Ichor Extraction Kit
A tool used to extract Ichors. Can be purchased from Teliavelis.
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Reaverpede skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Manticen skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Merge skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Mothstem skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Biteregina skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Chafer skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Carapace skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Kirmeleech skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Honeypin skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Neop skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Basilisk skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Plokste skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Velnewt skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Velpede skill when using Poison Pot
[Poison Pot Equip Effect] Activates a Canceril skill when using Poison Pot
Prodigious Kugheri Balzermancer Card
Velcoffer Card
[Card Equip Effect] Reduces damage received from monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20} * 3]%
Broadhead Arrow
Helps awaken an item without reducing the potential of the equipment. Usable for 14 days after being acquired.
Helps awaken an item without reducing the potential of the equipment. Usable for 1 minute after being acquired.
Consumed when using the Forge skill.
Consumed when using the Shield Charger skill.
Mercenary Badge
A badge received in return for delivering Gemstones.
Gemstone
Can be exchanged for points at your camp's Gemstone exchanger.
Velcoffer Spirit Fragment
Obtained by defeating Velcoffer. These fragments contain an unknown energy that manifests itself as combat power when used to craft equipment items.
Dodo Bird Egg
A Dodo Bird egg obtained as an Adventure Journal reward. Right-click to use and register your Companion.{nl}This Companion can be mounted without a riding skill.
Sapling Growth Crystal
Event item. Use it to grow a tree. (Will be deleted at the end of the event period.)
Tree Growth Crystal
Leafy Tree Growth Crystal
Sapling Cube
Use to receive a random item from the rewards list.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Tree Cube
Leafy Tree Cube
Title - Tree Lover
A title given to dedicated tree enthusiasts. Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Secret Tree Root Cube
Use to select an item from the rewards list.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Title - Root Crystal Finder
A title given to Tree Root Crystal enthusiasts. Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Enhancement Chance Package
Use to receive the contents of the enhancement package.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Blessed Silver Box (14 Days)
Use to obtain a random amount of Silver.
Blessed Enhancement Cube (14 Days)
Use to receive a random item from the rewards list.
Best Of Event Costumes Cube (14 Days)
7 Star Gem Abrasive (14 Days)
Title - Daredevil
A title given to those brave enough to face danger.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Stolen Treasure Cube
Use to receive a random item from the rewards list.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Dodo Bird Companion Voucher
A Dodo Bird Companion Voucher obtained as an Adventure Journal Reward. Collect 20 and exchange them for a Dodo Bird Companion at the Wings of Vaivora. 
Astri Ichor
[Ichor]
No one knows whether Ichors really come from the blood of divine beings. What we do know is that their concentrated power manifests in weapons like no other object.
Stiprus Ichor
No one knows whether Ichors really come from the blood of divine beings. What we do know is that their concentrated power manifests in armor items like no other object.
Partis Solution
[Solution]
Collects energy released during combat. It must be activated before the battle.
Use to hold a festival balloon. Will be deleted at the end of the event.
Some vivacious leaves Believer Dreka wants to offer Goddess Lada.
Bullets for the Blue Lepusbunnies of Sekta Forest. Register them in your quick slots to use.
Velcoffer Spirit Fragment
Fragment obtained by defeating Velcoffer.
Golden Fairy Wedding Costume (Male)
The traditional wedding garments of fairies of the past. Use to change your appearance.
Golden Fairy Wedding Costume (Female)
Dawn Fairy Wedding Costume (Male)
A fresh, dewy look for a beautiful Spring day. Use to change your appearance.
Dawn Fairy Wedding Costume (Female)
Teeny Fairy Wedding Costume (Male)
Wedding garments reminiscent of the style of young fairies. Use to change your appearance.
Teeny Fairy Wedding Costume (Female)
Frill Ornament Fairy Costume (Male)
Who is the prettiest, most flowery fairy in the Kingdom? You are! Use to change your appearance.
Frill Ornament Fairy Costume (Female)
Golden Fairy Laurel
Made with real laurel leaves.
Golden Fairy Flower Tiara
A pretty tiara decorated with a flower and feather. 
Dawn Fairy Flower Bud
A unique but very fairy-like accessory.
Pink Fairy Flower Bud
Nothing says "fairy" like a beautiful flower bud.
Teal Teeny Hat
A teeny tiny teal hat for a teeny tiny fairy.
Pink Teeny Hat
A teeny tiny pink hat for a teeny tiny fairy.
Golden Fairy Wings
A pair of wings for a golden fairy. Unfortunately, they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Dawn Fairy Wings
A pair of wings for a dawn fairy. Unfortunately, they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Teeny Fairy Wings
A pair of wings for a teeny fairy. Unfortunately, they don't let you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Nutritional grains for birds. Fully restores your bird Companion's HP, plus +15 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Battlebird {nl} - Fairy Cardinal
Fairy Wedding Cube x10 + 1
Fairy Wedding Cube
Golden Fairy Wedding Costume Selection Box
Use and select one item from the following.{nl} - Golden Fairy Wedding Costume (Male){nl} - Golden Fairy Wedding Costume (Female)
Dawn Fairy Wedding Costume Selection Box
Use and select one item from the following.{nl} - Dawn Fairy Wedding Costume (Male){nl} - Dawn Fairy Wedding Costume (Female)
Teeny Fairy Wedding Costume Selection Box
Use and select one item from the following.{nl} - Teeny Fairy Wedding Costume (Male){nl} - Teeny Fairy Wedding Costume (Female)
Fairy Cardinal Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without a riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the character's additional Fire property attack.{nl}- Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Fairy Wedding Popup Book
Golden Fairy Lira
This lira is said to produce beautiful tones that almost sound golden. It can be very hard to play, however, so we advise that you only pose with it.
Dawn Fairy Lira
Early in the day is when this lira sounds the most magical. It can be very hard to play, however, so we advise that you only pose with it.
Teeny Fairy Trumpet
This is the style of trumpet most often played by little fairies. Give it a try!
Rose of Love
Profess your innocent love with a timeless pink rose.
Captain Armband
Armband worn by the captain of a soccer team.
Supporters Armband
Armband worn by supporters of a soccer team.
Klaipeda Capricorns Uniform (Male)
Official uniform of the Klaipeda Capricorns team. Use to change your appearance.
Klaipeda Capricorns Uniform (Female)
Orsha Lions Uniform (Male)
Official uniform of the Orsha Lions team. Use to change your appearance.
Orsha Lions Uniform (Female)
Whistle Referee Costume (Male)
Out on the field, the last word is yours! Use to change your appearance. 
Whistle Referee Costume (Female)
Orsha Supporters Uniform (Male)
Go, Lions! Use to change your appearance.
Orsha Supporters Uniform (Female)
Klaipeda Supporters Uniform (Male)
Go, Capricorns! Use to change your appearance.
Klaipeda Supporters Uniform (Female)
Soccer Fan Headband
Prove that you're a real soccer fan with these massive soccer ball antenna!
Supporters Vuvuzela
2018 Kickoff Popup Book
2018 Kickoff Soccer Ball
Maybe you're not the best soccer player out there, but you can at least look like it.
Ultimate Ace Trophy
Now you know what it feels like to win.
Orsha Lions Support Banner
Let the Lions know who's rooting for them!
Klaipeda Capricorns Support Banner
Let the Capricorns know who's rooting for them!
2018 Kickoff Yellow Card
PREEEEEET! Yellow card! This is your warning.
2018 Kickoff Red Card
PREEEEEET! Red card! Out of the field! (Note: This doesn't actually let you expel other folks.)
Hat Trick Clue
Use this item to guess a number in the Hat Trick Quiz event. Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Title - Klaipeda Capricorns Supporter
A title for soccer supporters.{nl}This box will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Title - Orsha Lions Supporter
Guild Lovers Armband
An armband created to remember that guilds make TOS. 
Wig [Male]
Retro Layered
Changes your appearance. Does not apply wig dye color.
Bunny Boy
Two-tone Dandy Cut
Noble Wave Ponytail 
Lamb Towel Hat (Male)
Wig [Female]
Equip to change your appearance.
Romantic Bun
Goth Loli
Side Ponytail
Choppy Bangs
Lamb Towel Hat (Female)
An outfit given to beginners who show some level of talent during training. These Pied Pipers are at least able to influence and capture animals. Of course, this outfit also commemorates a special moment for Pied Pipers. 
Pied Piper Special Costume
Pied Piper Meinung Costume
As a Pied Piper, influencing minds is an important task. Those who have mastered this art are more than qualified to wear this costume.
Pied Piper Meinung Special Costume
Pied Piper Candy-Blower Costume
An outfit that makes reference to a very famous scene in Pied Piper lore. It is said that the Pied Piper enticed the children with candy and persuaded them to follow along.
Pied Piper Candy-Blower Special Costume
Pied Piper Bergefuehrender Costume
It is said that truly legendary Pied Pipers can move even mountains to dance and follow along. There has yet to be such a person, but Pied Pipers with extraordinary skills are handed down this outfit.
Pied Piper Bergefuehrender Special Costume
Pied Piper Bergefuehrender Costume (Male)
Pied Piper Bergefuehrender Costume (Female)
Exorcist Costume
Exorciser is a term describing a beginner Exorcist. It used to refer to a shaman before the establishment of the Kingdom and now it is embroidered on the garments of the Exorcists.
Costume Special Costume
Exorcist Soul Binder Costume
On becoming an Exorcist of the highest expertise, one learns that the true meaning of the term Exorcist is "The Oath of the Soul Binder". This costume is bestowed upon those who have learned this true meaning.
Exorcist Soul Binder Special Costume
Exorcist Rubric Costume
The scrolls of rituals used during an exorcism are written in crimson ink. The design of this costume was inspired by the color of the exorcism scrolls.
Exorcist Rubric Special Costume
Exorcist Concordat Costume
A long time ago, the Royal Family granted Exorcists judicial power when a possession was identified to be genuine. This costume was created in celebration of that moment in history and the Exorcist Master who mediated such an outcome. Only those wearing this costume will be granted judicial power by law.
Exorcist Concordat Special Costume
Exorcist Concordat Costume (Male)
Exorcist Concordat Costume (Female)
Highlander Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Skyliner visual effects.
Highlander Special Costume (Female)
Swordsman Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Restrain visual effects.
Swordsman Special Costume (Female)
Wizard Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Magic Missile visual effects.
Wizard Special Costume (Female)
Pyromancer Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Fire Pillar visual effects.
Pyromancer Special Costume (Female)
Psychokino Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Psychic Pressure visual effects.
Psychokino Special Costume (Female)
Archer Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Multi Shot visual effects.
Archer Special Costume (Female)
Quarrel Shooter Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Running Shot visual effects.
Quarrel Shooter Special Costume (Female)
Ranger Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Barrage visual effects.
Ranger Special Costume (Female)
Priest Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Mass Heal visual effects.
Priest Special Costume (Female)
Dievdirbys Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Goddess Statue skills' visual effects.
Dievdirbys Special Costume (Female)
Monk Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Double Punch visual effects.
Monk Special Costume (Female)
Cleric Special Costume (Male)
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Heal visual effects.
Cleric Special Costume (Female)
Deathweaver Cutter (30 Days)
Deathweaver (30 Days)
Deathweaver Rod (30 Days)
Melinas Staff (30 Days)
Deathweaver Bow (30 Days)
Deathweaver Crossbow (30 Days)
Vubbe Morning Star (30 Days)
Vubbe Armor (30 Days)
Vubbe Pants (30 Days)
Cheminis Sword (30 Days)
Chapparition Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
Chapparition Rod (30 Days)
Patrice Staff (30 Days)
Chapparition Bow (30 Days)
Chapparition Shooter (30 Days)
Chapparition Mace (30 Days)
Silver Spear (30 Days)
Cheminis Pike (30 Days)
Mark Tunic (30 Days)
Mark Pants (30 Days)
Durandal (30 Days)
Flamini (30 Days)
Secretum (30 Days)
Candle Staff (30 Days)
Heart Seeker (30 Days)
Shooting Star (30 Days)
Escanciu Mace (30 Days)
Doom Spear (30 Days)
Laideca (30 Days)
Brigandine Armor (30 Days)
Brigandine Pants (30 Days)
Belnium (30 Days)
Tily Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
Temere (30 Days)
Sunflower (30 Days)
Wilding Bane (30 Days)
Seimos Crossbow (30 Days)
Seimos Mace (30 Days)
Seimos Spear (30 Days)
Seimos Pike (30 Days)
Hunting Armor (30 Days)
Hunting Pants (30 Days)
Flame (30 Days)
Hell and Heaven (30 Days)
Casti Rod (30 Days)
Maledoom (30 Days)
Casti Bow (30 Days)
Karacha Crossbow (30 Days)
Drake Tail (30 Days)
Casti Spear (30 Days)
Magas Pike (30 Days)
Duelist (30 Days)
Veteran Tunic (30 Days)
Veteran Pants (30 Days)
Pensara Sword (30 Days)
Pensara Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
Pensara Rod (30 Days)
Power Staff (30 Days)
Marksman (30 Days)
Didel Grand Cross (30 Days)
Pensara Mace (30 Days)
Pensara Spear (30 Days)
Pensara Pike (30 Days)
Spada (30 Days)
Finisher (30 Days)
Bandit Armor (30 Days)
Bandit Pants (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Sword (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Rod (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Bow (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Crossbow (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Mace (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Spear (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Pike (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Staff (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Pistol (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Rapier (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Cannon (30 Days)
Primus Migantis Musket (30 Days)
Primus Albinosas Leather Armor (30 Days)
Primus Albinosas Leather Pants (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Sword (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Rod (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Bow (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Crossbow (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Mace (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Spear (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Pike (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Staff (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Pistol (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Rapier (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Cannon (30 Days)
Primus Pevordimas Musket (30 Days)
Primus Kaulas Leather Armor (30 Days)
Primus Kaulas Leather Pants (30 Days)
Berthas Raffye Sword 
Berthas Raffye Two-handed Sword
Berthas Raffye Rod
Berthas Raffye Bow
Berthas Raffye Crossbow
Berthas Raffye Mace
Berthas Raffye Two-handed Mace
Berthas Raffye Shield 
- Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%
Berthas Raffye Spear 
Berthas Raffye Pike 
Berthas Raffye Dagger
Berthas Raffye Staff
Berthas Raffye Pistol
Berthas Raffye Rapier
Berthas Raffye Cannon
Berthas Raffye Musket 
You've been gifted Teeny Fairy wings. Sadly, these won't help you fly.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals.
Vertex Beacon
[Exorcist Special Costume]
This item is a symbol of the Exorcist's faith. Those who carry the beacon on their backs have vowed to shine their light on the world even if they end up crucified. Story is told of a famous Exorcist who destroyed all demons within the vicinity of the beacon by allowing himself to be crucified. But, of course, there are few demons who will equal in power to an Exorcist who carries the beacon on their back.
The Blessings of Terpsichora
[Pied Piper Special Costume]
This costume is given to those who have honored the Piped Piper name with exceptional bursts of creativity. Those who wear the costume become the envy of other Pied Pipers and bards alike.
Half Lycanthropy
Half Lycanthropy - Exclusive Hair
Half Lycanthropy (M)
Half Lycanthropy (F)
Healthy food for your Penguin. Restores all of the HP and +15 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Penguin{nl} - Pengmarine{nl} - Winter Penguin{nl} - Leaf Penguin
Dimensional Incense Burner
The Oracle Master built many gadgets in order to release the life force of monsters that accumulated over time in the Other Dimension, of which the Dimensional Incense Burner is one.{nl} {nl}Using the Dimensional Incense Burner will grant you and those around you many beneficial effects.
Dimensional Potion
Restores 1234 HP and 617 SP every 2 seconds. {nl}224 HP and SP are restored over 15 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown 100 seconds.
Uphill Defense Shop Points: 10
Use to gain 10 Uphill Shop Points.{nl}The points gained can be used in the Uphill Defense Shop.
Hidden Class Unlock Voucher Box {nl} List of Unlockable Classes {nl} - Shinobi Unlock Voucher {nl} - Miko Unlock Voucher {nl} - Rune Caster Unlock Voucher {nl} - Appraiser Unlock Voucher {nl} - Nak Muay Unlock Voucher
Lv 350 Berthas Armor Selection Box
Select one Lv 350 Berthas armor. Right-click to use.{nl}You cannot change your item once chosen.{nl}This box will be removed at the end of the event period.
Lv 350 Primus Armor Selection Box
Select one Lv 350 Primus armor. Right-click to use.{nl}You cannot change your item once chosen.{nl}This box will be removed at the end of the event period.
Lv 350 Berthas Weapon Selection Box
Select one Lv 350 Berthas weapon. Right-click to use.{nl}You cannot change your item once chosen.{nl}This box will be removed at the end of the event period.
Lv 350 Primus Weapon Selection Box
Select one Lv 350 Primus weapon. Right-click to use.{nl}You cannot change your item once chosen.{nl}This box will be removed at the end of the event period.
(Old) Attok Box of Materials
Tool used in the extraction of Ichors. Can be purchased from Teliavelis.
Silver Ichor Extraction Kit
Tool used in the extraction of Ichors. It does not require consumables.
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}/2]% chance per attack dealt of applying Frostbite to an enemy for 4 sec{nl}(Does not apply to boss monsters.)
[Card Equip Effect] Attack property penalties reduced by [{img star_mark 20 20} * 10]%
Bodkin Point Arrow
It is a small rock.
6-Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}- Gem EXP Gain: 57900
Torture Tools
A box full of various torture tools.
Trap Kit
A kit containing materials used in setting traps.
Sculpting Wood
A bundle of wood for sculpting.
Awakening Powder
Used for awakening items.
Gray Lesser Panda Box
Maybe you're not the best soccer player out there, but you can at least look like it.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
PREEEEEET! Yellow card! This is your warning.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
PREEEEEET! Red card! Out of the field! (Note: This doesn't actually let you expel other folks.){nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Goddess Sculpture
A Goddess Statue will be created that gives the Goddess' Blessing buff for 5 minutes. {nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
5-Star Gem Abrasive
Item used for enhancing gems that drastically increases the EXP of gems.{nl} - Gem EXP gained: 14700{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Instanced Dungeon One Entry Voucher
Use this to enter an instanced dungeons or redo a mercenary mission once more.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 15)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 15.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 40)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 40.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 50)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 50 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 75)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 75 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 85)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 85 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 100)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 100 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 120)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 120 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 140)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 140 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 170)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 170 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 180)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 180 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 200)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 200 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 220)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 220 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 230)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 230 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 270)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 270 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 300)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 300 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 330)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 330 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Shining Golden Anvil
This item can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The item will not be destroyed if an enhancement attempt fails, but its enhancement level will be reduced by 1. When you fail with an item enhanced to +12 or higher, the enhancement level will be reduced to +10. Right-click to use.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Miracle Seeds
A sprout gifted by the Goddess' Blessing will grow when used.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Level Up Chest (Lv 350)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players of level 350 or above.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Jumping Package Box
Daily Attribute Point Box
Right-click to use. You will gain 500 attribute points every day during the event period.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Title - Ultimate Savior
Use to obtain the event title. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Weapon Exchange Voucher
Uska will exchange this voucher for a Rare Lv 350 weapon enhanced to +11 and transcended to Stage 5.{nl}The voucher will be removed at the end of the event period.
Title - Receiver of the Revelations
Contains a title awarded for participating in Uska's event. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Retiarius Ruidarius Costume Box
Lost Invitation Fragment
Used in the May Wedding Bouquet event. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Barbershop Chair
Item received through the Beauty Shop event.{nl}Using this item will summon a barbershop chair that you can sit on.
Firecrackers
Movement speed +4, AoE attack ratio +1, EXP gains +25% for all party members for a duration of 30 minutes.
Pied Piper Master's Bergefuehrender Costume Box
Box containing a Pied Piper costume.{nl}You must advance to the Piped Piper class to use this item.{nl}The costume obtained from this box cannot be stored in your Team Storage. 
Exorcist Concordat Costume Box
Box containing an Exorcist Concordat Costume.{nl}You must advance to the Exorcist class to use this item.{nl}The costume obtained from this box cannot be stored in your Team Storage.
Symbol of Unity
When in a party, you must equip the  
  title to use the item. Movement speed +2 and increased EXP gains for all party members for the duration of 30 minutes.{nl}The item will be removed after the event period.
Title - New Friend
Title awarded for participating in the Let's Be Partners event.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Guild Lv 4 EXP Card
This item can only be used with a Lv 1 Guild. The Guild level will be increased to 4.
Symbol of Guild Membership
Gives movement speed +1 and Looting Chance +200 for the duration of 30 minutes.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Title - Love My Guild
Contains a title awarded for participating in the Guilds Make TOS event.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Penalty Shoot-Out
Lena's Thank You Cube
Contains items awarded for participating in the Secret Stone Plate Message event.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Stone Plate Collector
Contains a title awarded for participating in the Secret Stone Plate Message event.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Fairy Costume Box
Contains a Fairy Costume. Right-click to use.
Hat Trick Clue
Use this item to guess a number in the Hat Trick Quiz event. Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
Title - Big Scorer
Contains a title awarded for participating in the 3 vs 3 Soccer League event. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Book given by the Exorcist Master. It contains information about the history of the Exorcists.
Cure
A cure for the soldiers in Dvasia Peak.
A cure created from the recipe given by the Plague Doctor Master.
Prayer Book
A Prayer Book given by the Exorcist Master. It contains passages of the Exorcists' prayers.
Topaz Fragment
Quest Item.
A yellow gemstone. It is said to contain the power to banish demons.
Blessed Goddess Statue
Goddess Statue sculpted by Tesla the Sculptor.
Krivis Master's Certificate of Approval
A document proving your worth to become an Exorcist as issued by the Krivis Master.
Cleric Master's Certificate of Approval
A document proving your worth to become an Exorcist as issued by the Cleric Master.
Inquisitor Master's Certificate of Approval
A document proving your worth to become an Exorcist as issued by the Inquisitor Master.
Exorcist Master's Note
A parchment containing the steps to becoming an Exorcist given by the Exorcist Master.
The note contains the items required for performing an exorcism. But it does not mention the order in which to use them.
Prayer Book
Use the Prayer Book to banish the Blue Velwriggler.
Use the Prayer Book to banish the Red Apparition.
Use the Prayer Book to banish the Green Apparition.
Use the Prayer Book to banish the evil Hallowventer.
Sack
Guild Quest Item
When given the sacks, Waltas will make bombs and Nagles will build defensive systems. It can also be used to repair damaged boxes or buildings. Use the sacks to load the ballista and turrets with missiles.
A bomb made by Waltas. Used to destroy solid objects.
Ballista made by Nagles. Used in defending the shelter from monsters.
Turret made by Nagles. Used in defending the shelter from monsters.
Defensive system made by Nagles. Used in defending the shelter from monsters.
Orb of Guidance
An orb that guides you through the steps of the Exorcist test. Use the orb when you are stuck while undertaking the tasks for the Exorcist test.
A note containing the location of the Pied Piper Master.{nl}The Oracle Master's advice was to write down the list of tasks that you will be given once you meet the Pied Piper Master in this note.
Perilla
An ingredient required in the making of the Plague Doctor Master's cure.{nl}It has a distinct fragrance.
Cure for Mental Illness
The Plague Doctor Master's cure for mental illness.{nl}The effectiveness of the cure has not yet been tested and its potency is known to reduce over time. 
Empty Glass Bottle
Empty glass bottle. Collect the Glowing Blue Sand by using this item in places around Igti Coast.
Full Glass Bottle
A glass bottle full of Glowing Blue Sand.
Mental Illness Cure
A cure for mental illness bottled in a special vessel made by the Chronomancer Master. There is a subdued glow radiating from the vessel.
Blessed Cure for Mental Illness
The cure for mental illness blessed by the Priest Master. It is quietly glowing.
Old Flute
A flute for training given by the Pied Piper Master.{nl}Use the flute in Branginti Hill on Altar Way.{nl}Cooldown time 3 seconds.
[Event] Elixir of HP Recovery
Instantly restores 50% of your maximum HP. Additionally restores the other 50% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.
[Event] Elixir of SP Recovery
Instantly restores 50% of your maximum SP. Additionally restores the other 50% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds.{nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.
Lv 350 Berthas Weapon Selection Box (14 Days)
Select one Lv 350 Berthas weapon. Right-click to use.{nl}You cannot change your item once chosen.
Miracle Seeds (14 Days)
A costume granted to top-ranked players in Team Battle League. Use to change your appearance.{nl}The costume will be deleted at the end of the TBL season.
Romantic Sailor Costume (Male)
With a fashionable twist on traditional sailor garments, this costume is sure to attract your summer crush. Use to change your appearance.
Romantic Sailor Costume (Female)
Marine Beachwear Costume (Male)
A classy beachwear outfit with navy blue and gold accents giving it a modern nautical vibe. Use to change your appearance.
Marine Beachwear Costume (Female)
Summer Beachwear Costume (Male)
Turn heads at the beach with this funky sailor-inspired costume. Use to change your appearance.
Summer Beachwear Costume (Female)
Romantic Sailor Whale Costume (Male)
Sailor whale tubes can be romantic too, and this costume is about to prove just that. Use to change your appearance.
Romantic Sailor Whale Costume (Female)
Marine Beachwear Whale Costume (Male)
Look classy and put-together at the beach with this sailor swimsuit and tube combo. Use to change your appearance.
Marine Beachwear Whale Costume (Female)
Summer Beachwear Whale Costume (Male)
Don't listen to people who say your outfit is silly. They don't know what whale tube beachwear is all about. Use to change your appearance.
Summer Beachwear Whale Costume (Female)
Marine Beret
This hat is a symbol of those who protect the sea.
Sailor Beret
This hat is a symbol of those who protect the sea. Except this one is made of paper.
Blue Anchor
This mini anchor is modeled after the real anchors used in ships. It possesses outstanding staying power.
Marine Stripe Glasses
If you love the sea and your vision could use a little help, try these novelty frames!
Romantic Marine Scarf
This hairband is adorned with a golden ship handle.
Lighthouse
Make sure all ships arrive at their ports in safety by wearing this useful lighthouse on your head.
Marine Pistol
Pistol [Appearance]
This item can only be used to change the appearance of another.{nl}Does not consume Silver when used as appearance material.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Marine Musket
Musket [Appearance]
Marine Rod
Rod [Appearance]
Marine Staff
Staff [Appearance]
Instead of smoke, this pipe blows out fun bubbles.{nl}Cooldown 3 sec.
Telescope
A telescope lets you see things that are far away.{nl}Cooldown 3 sec.
Lighthouse Flashlight
A toy flashlight made in the image of a lighthouse.{nl}Cooldown 60 sec.
Little Whale Pistol
Marine Tube
A trusted sailor is never far away from a lifesaving tube.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Marine Surfboard
Surfing is the truest form of admiration for the sea.
Lapping Waves
Let the Blessing of the Sea fall upon you and endow your every step with the movement of the waves.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Marine Special Popup Book
Use to open a popup book. Reuse to close the popup book. After 10 seconds the popup book will automatically disappear.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals in Exchange Shop.
BBQ Prawn Skewers
Fresh barbecued prawns topped with a few drops of lemon. Yum! Restores HP +500 and SP +500 every 10 sec for1 hour. Can be used once per day until the end of the event.
Blue Lemonade
Tangy and sweet, perfect for a summer afternoon. Increases movement speed +2 for1 hour. Can be used once per day until the end of the event.
Fresh Coconut Water
Powerful thirst-quencher for hot summer days. Increases Looting Chance +300 for1 hour. Can be used once per day until the end of the event.
Magic Ice
Exchange it for delicious summer treats at Klaipeda's Beach Bar. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
[Beach Bar] BBQ Prawn Skewers
Fresh barbecued prawns topped with a few drops of lemon. Yum! Restores HP +500 and SP +500 every 10 sec for30 minutes. Use inside city maps only. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
[Beach Bar] Blue Lemonade
Tangy and sweet, perfect for a summer afternoon. Increases movement speed +2 for30 minutes. Use inside city maps only. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
[Beach Bar] Fresh Coconut Water
Powerful thirst-quencher for hot summer days. Increases Looting Chance +300 for30 minutes. Use inside city maps only. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
Braised Fish
A hearty meal for those who love the sea. Use to obtain Attribute Points +100. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
Prawn Gratin
Beautiful things happen when you combine seafood with cream and a dash of fresh herbs. Use to obtain Attribute Points +500. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
Use to receive a random item from the rewards list.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Fireworks
Grants movement speed +2, AoE attack ratio +1 and EXP gains +25% for 30 minutes. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
Red Hair Bow
Big Red Hair Bow
Shining Silver Ichor Extraction Kit
Astral Tower Hero Armband
An armband given to Astral Tower event participants.
Zvaigzde Sword
This piece of equipment disappeared along with Nicopolis at the time of the experiment. Then, with the influence of Medzio Diena, it somehow found its way back into our world. It is said to have reappeared near the Starlit Lake because of the magic rituals Pbeta executed in order to defeat Solcomm there. 
Berthas Zvaigzde Sword
Primus Zvaigzde Sword
One of the reasons why the Owyn family is active in the region of Nicopolis is the strange reappearance of old weapons that were thought to have vanished along with the city. After studying the returned weapons, Owynia Dilben sought the help of the Bullet Marker Master to produce new copies of the equipment. Curiously, however, until they gain a proper owner, the newly-created weapons seem to disappear and reappear at random times.
Zvaigzde Two-handed Sword
Berthas Zvaigzde Two-handed Sword
Primus Zvaigzde Two-handed Sword
One of the reasons why the Owyn family is active in the region of Nicopolis is the strange reappearance of old weapons that were thought to have vanished along with the city. After studying the returned weapons, Owynia Dilben sought the help of the Bullet Marker Master to produce new copies of the equipment. Curiously, however, until they gain a proper owner, the newly-created weapons seem to disappear and reappear at random times. 
Zvaigzde Rod
 - Grants 5% chance per attack of applying additional Fire property damage equal to 16% of your minimum magic attack every second for 10 seconds.
Berthas Zvaigzde Rod
Primus Zvaigzde Rod
Zvaigzde Bow
Berthas Zvaigzde Bow
Primus Zvaigzde Bow
Zvaigzde Crossbow
Berthas Zvaigzde Crossbow
Primus Zvaigzde Crossbow
Zvaigzde Mace
Berthas Zvaigzde Mace
Primus Zvaigzde Mace
Zvaigzde Two-handed Mace
Berthas Zvaigzde Two-handed Mace
Primus Zvaigzde Two-handed Mace
Zvaigzde Shield
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2.75%
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1%{nl}- 1% chance to regenerate 40 HP every second for 5 seconds when taking damage
Berthas Zvaigzde Shield
Primus Zvaigzde Shield
Zvaigzde Spear
Berthas Zvaigzde Spear
Primus Zvaigzde Spear
Zvaigzde Pike
Berthas Zvaigzde Pike
Primus Zvaigzde Pike
Zvaigzde Dagger
Berthas Zvaigzde Dagger
Primus Zvaigzde Dagger
Zvaigzde Staff
Berthas Zvaigzde Staff
Primus Zvaigzde Staff
Zvaigzde Pistol
Berthas Zvaigzde Pistol
Primus Zvaigzde Pistol
Zvaigzde Rapier
Berthas Zvaigzde Rapier
Primus Zvaigzde Rapier
Zvaigzde Cannon
Berthas Zvaigzde Cannon
Primus Zvaigzde Cannon
Zvaigzde Musket
Berthas Zvaigzde Musket
Primus Zvaigzde Musket
Planeta Robe
Among the old Nicopolis items that have reappeared after Medzio Diena, many are weapons, but armor items are relatively rare. There is no telling where the people who wore these items disappeared to, but some seem to have left behind their clothing.
Ukas Leather Armor
Among the old Nicopolis items that have reappeared after Medzio Diena, many are weapons, but armor items are relatively rare. There is no telling where the people who wore these items disappeared to, but some seem to have left behind their clothing. 
Galaktikos Plate Armor
Berthas Planeta Robe
Berthas Ukas Leather Armor
Berthas Galaktikos Plate Armor
Primus Planeta Robe
Primus Ukas Leather Armor
Primus Galaktikos Plate Armor
Planeta Pants
Ukas Leather Pants
Galaktikos Plate Pants
Berthas Planeta Pants
Berthas Ukas Leather Pants
Berthas Galaktikos Plate Pants
Primus Planeta Pants
Primus Ukas Leather Pants
Primus Galaktikos Plate Pants
Planeta Boots
Ukas Leather Boots
Galaktikos Greaves
Sausis Leather Boots
Berthas Planeta Boots
Berthas Ukas Leather Boots
Berthas Galaktikos Greaves
Primus Planeta Boots
Primus Ukas Leather Boots
Primus Galaktikos Greaves
Planeta Gloves
Ukas Leather Gloves
Galaktikos Gauntlets
Berthas Planeta Gloves
Berthas Ukas Leather Gloves
Berthas Galaktikos Gauntlets
Sausis Gloves
- 10% chance of inflicting the Curse of Sausis debuff.{nl}Cooldown 10 sec{nl}{nl}Curse of Sausis{nl}- Reduces the target's movement speed by 10 and critical resistance by 100.
This style of gloves is thought to have been worn by Sausis. His frost powers are known to be virtually insuperable.
Primus Planeta Gloves
Primus Ukas Leather Gloves
Primus Galaktikos Gauntlets
General's Gift
A necklace created by the Class Masters who are working to maintain secrecy in the Astral Tower resistance army. Its magic values have been kept intentionally low, as overly powerful equipment can reveal the social status of both the wearer and the sponsor.
Gift of Demise
This necklace has its own name engraved on the back. Many believe that the Linker Master engraved the words in an ambiguous manner so as to both reveal her identity and leave room for speculation.
Graduation Gift
Engraved here as several sets of initials which could be interpreted as the names of current Masters connected to the Astral Tower.
Nepagristas Necklace
No one knows for sure who the original owner of this necklace was. According to a famous anecdote, they became frustrated after several failed attempts at tweaking its properties and ultimately decided to sell it.
Nematomas Necklace
The owner of this necklace attacked their enemy from behind and disappeared without a trace. No one saw who they were, or what they looked like.
Rangovas Necklace
 - When worn, prevents summons from being knocked back.
The summons walked forward, mighty and powerful. The sight was akin to that of an enormous army advancing.
HimilLegacy
A bracelet left behind by the Himil family at the time they separated from the Schaffenstar. The family later realized their mistake, but being in the possession of the bracelet's recipe, they did not demand to have it returned. It is said that the Schaffenstar themselves were unaware of the bracelet's whereabouts for a long time.
Schaffen Bracelet Fragment
Lydia Schaffen used many accessories throughout her lifetime, some of which have since been divided and reconstructed. This bracelet is one of such accessories.
Heretic's Bracelet
Although they were rare, the Schaffenstar is known to have had its heretics, meaning those who wished to free themselves from the shadow of Lydia Schaffen. These people never managed to make much of an impact, but recently some of their remaining objects were put to use by Elder Adaux.
Nepagristas Bracelet
Be careful not to injure yourself with the sharp metal parts. The identity of the owner of this bracelet remains unknown.
Nematomas Bracelet
There is no escape from a powerful attack. One blow is all it takes.
Rangovas Bracelet
The owner of this bracelet was fully invested in their summons. The bracelet is a result of their incessant efforts.
[PP] Black Butler Costume (Male)
[PP] Black Maid Costume (Female)
Ebony Rook Costume (Male)
A costume invoking the daring, boyish spirit of the rook. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ivory Pawn Costume (Female)
For valiant pawns, there's nowhere to go but forward. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ivory Bishop Costume (Male)
The bishop's solemn nature is well represented in the design of this costume. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ebony Knight Costume (Female)
A costume that accentuates the majestic poise of the knight. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ebony King Costume (Male)
Cautious but unafraid, the king makes his move. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ivory Queen Costume (Female)
All hail the true ruler of the chessboard. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
[PP] Orange Rabbit Ears
Ebony King Crown
A king cannot be complete without his crown.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ivory Queen Crown
The elevated crown denotes the queen's power and status.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Bishop Fedora
A unique fedora designed around the chess bishop motif.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ebony Knight
Turn yourself into an impressive human chess piece with this accessory.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Knight Galea
A helmet accessory made to look like the armor worn by ancient knights.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Chessboard
The chessboard is much more than part of game; it is a true battlefield.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Ebony Rook
Turn yourself into an impressive human chess piece with this accessory.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
This exquisite hair accessory is what experts refer to as a "bow". Impressive, isn't it?{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
This exquisite hair accessory is what experts refer to as a "bow". This one in particular is a rather large specimen.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Got flower petals... on my head... sigh... just leave them there...
Which color do you think is tastier? They're all mine, mind you, but I'll let you choose.
Chess Timer
Tic, toc, tic, toc. I'm a chess timer.{nl}Cooldown 5 sec.{nl}Time will not wait for you...
Ivory Pawn Two-handed Mace
Two-handed Blunt [Appearance]
Ivory Rook Two-handed Mace
Bishop Rapier
Rapier [Appearance]
Bishop Sword
One-handed Sword [Appearance]
Knight Sword
Knight Rapier
Ivory Queen Two-handed Sword
Two-handed Sword [Appearance]
Ebony King Two-handed Sword
Knight Mace
One-handed Blunt [Appearance]
Bishop Mace
Ebony King Rod
Ivory Queen Rod
Ebony King Staff
Ivory Queen Staff
Chessboard Shield
Shield [Appearance]
Bishop Bow
Bow [Appearance]
Knight Bow
[R10] Deathweaver Cutter (30 Days)
[R10] Deatheweaver Tooth (30 Days)
[R10] Deathweaver Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Melinas Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Deathweaver Bow (30 Days)
[R10] Deathweaver Crossbow (30 Days)
[R10] Vubbe Morning Star (30 Days)
[R10] VubbeArmor (30 Days)
[R10] VubbePants (30 Days)
[R10] Cheminis Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Chapparition Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Chapparition Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Patrice Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Chapparition Bow (30 Days)
[R10] Chapparition Shooter (30 Days)
[R10] Chapparition Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Silver Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Cheminis Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Mark Tunic (30 Days)
[R10] Mark Pants (30 Days)
[R10] Durandal (30 Days)
[R10] Flamini (30 Days)
[R10] Secretum (30 Days)
[R10] Candle Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Heart Seeker (30 Days)
[R10] Shooting Star (30 Days)
[R10] Escanciu Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Doom Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Laideca (30 Days)
[R10] Brigandine Armor (30 Days)
[R10] Brigandine Pants (30 Days)
[R10] Velniup (30 Days)
[R10] Tily Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Temere (30 Days)
[R10] Sunflower (30 Days)
[R10] Wilding Bane (30 Days)
[R10] Seimos Crossbow (30 Days)
[R10] Seimos Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Seimos Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Seimos Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Hunting Armor (30 Days)
[R10] Hunting Pants (30 Days)
[R10] Flame (30 Days)
[R10] Hell and Heaven (30 Days)
[R10] Casti Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Maledoom (30 Days)
[R10] Casti Bow (30 Days)
[R10] Karacha Crossbow (30 Days)
[R10] Drake Tail (30 Days)
[R10] Casti Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Magas Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Duelist (30 Days)
[R10] Veteran Tunic (30 Days)
[R10] Veteran Pants (30 Days)
[R10] Pensara Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Pensara Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Pensara Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Power Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Marksman (30 Days)
[R10] Didel Grand Cross (30 Days)
[R10] Pensara Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Pensara Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Pensara Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Spada (30 Days)
[R10] Finisher (30 Days)
[R10] Bandit Armor (30 Days)
[R10] Bandit Pants (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Bow (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Crossbow (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Pistol (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Rapier (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Cannon (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Migantis Musket (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Albinosas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Albinosas Leather Pants (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Bow (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Crossbow (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Pistol (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Rapier (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Cannon (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Pevordimas Musket (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Kaulas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Kaulas Leather Pants (30 Days)
Astral Tower Hero Costume (Male)
A new hero of the Astral Tower is born. Use to change your appearance.
Astral Tower Hero Costume (Female)
[R10] Primus Raffye Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Rod (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Bow (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Crossbow (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Shield (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Spear (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Pike (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Dagger (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Staff (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Pistol (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Rapier (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Cannon (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Raffye Musket (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Jevenellis Leather Armor (30 Days)
[R10] Primus Jevenellis Leather Pants (30 Days)
[PP] Sword
Special PP reward equipment.
[PP] Two-handed Sword
[PP] Rod
[PP] Bow
[PP] Crossbow
[PP] Mace
[PP] Spear
[PP] Two-handed Spear
[PP] Staff
[PP] Rapier
[PP] Leather Armor
[PP] Leather Pants
[PP] Leather Boots
[PP] Leather Gloves
[PP] Mage Robe
[PP] Mage Pants
[PP] Mage Boots
[PP] Mage Gloves
[PP] Plate Mail
[PP] Plate Pants
[PP] Plate Greaves
[PP] Plate Gauntlets
[PP] Shield
[PP] Dagger
[PP] Cannon
[PP] Pistol
[PP] Musket
[PP] Two-handed Mace
Restores 30 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Velheider{nl} - Hoglan{nl} - Leaf Penguin{nl} - Baby Pig{nl} - Rocksodon{nl} - Armadillo{nl} - Golden Pup{nl} - Goro
[PP] TP Item Random Box
Right-click to use and obtain of the following random items.{nl}- EXP Tome x1{nl} - Multiply Token x2{nl} - Megaphone x1{nl} - Enchant Scroll (untradable) x1{nl} - Warp Scroll x8{nl} - Soul Crystal x4{nl} - Emergency Repair Kit x3
[PP] Ore Box
Right-click to use and obtain a random item.
[PP] Small Elixir of HP Recovery 
[PP] Small Elixir of SP Recovery 
[PP] Beauty Shop Coupon Box
Right-click to use and obtain of the following random items.{nl} - [PP] Hair Dye 50% OFF Coupon{nl} - [PP] FREE Hair Dye Coupon{nl} - [PP] Hair 50% OFF Coupon{nl} - [PP] FREE Hair Coupon
[PP] Buttler & Maid Costume Box
Right-click to use and select of the following items: Black Maid Costume (Female) or Black Butler Costume (Male)
[PP] Boost Pack
Right-click to use and obtain of the following items.{nl} - X8 EXP Tome (14 Days) x1{nl} - Instanced Dungeon Multiply Token x10{nl} - Goddess Statue (14 Days) x10{nl} - Miracle Seeds (14 Days) x10
[PP] Looting Chance: 300
Rank 11 Card
Increases your character's class level to Level 15 of Rank 10. Can only be used on Rank 10 characters. Right-click to use.
Fire Enchant Round
Activate your Fire Enchant Rounds to increase the critical rate of your next attack. Consumes Fire Enchant Round x1 every time the effects are activated. Right-click to activate.
Ice Enchant Round
Activate your Ice Enchant Rounds to reduce the damage you receive from enemies. Consumes Ice Enchant Round x1 every time the effects are activated. Right-click to activate.
[PP] Unlock Voucher Selection Box
Fantasy Library: Sausis Room 9 Dungeon Cube
Received after clearing Fantasy Library: Sausis Room 9.
Lanko Lake Dungeon Cube
Received after clearing the Lanko Lake Dungeon.
Lv 100 Challenge Cube
Varle King Card
[Card Equip Effect] Healing +[{img star_mark 20 20}*5]
Demon Lord Froster Lord Card
[Card Equip Effect] Reduces the difference between the min. and max. attack of summons by [{img star_mark 20 20} * 10]%{nl}(At Lv 10, min. attack is equal to the value of max. attack.)
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Demon Lord Froster Lord when using Summoning
Ripped Book
Ripped pages of a book. Collect them and wait for something good to happen.
Lydia's Red Flower
Starry Dew
Schaffen's Black Flower
Star Guide Lamp
Lydia Schaffen's Lens
Chestnut Shell Arrow
Candlestick of Honor
Nicopolis Star Drop
Nicopolis Feline
Royal Blade Fragment
Goro Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the player's damage on Beast type monsters by +120.
Checkmate Popup Book
Event souvenir.
[PP] Fancy Worms
High-quality bait used for fishing.
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
[R10] Goddess Sculpture
Install this statue to receive the Goddess' Blessing for five minutes.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] 5-Star Gem Abrasive
Item used for enhancing gems that drastically increases the EXP of gems.{nl} - Gem EXP gained: 14700{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Instance One Entry Voucher
Use it to enter an instanced dungeon one more time.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 15) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 15 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 40) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 40 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 50) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 50 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 75) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 75 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 85) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 85 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 100) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 100 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 120) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 120 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 140) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 140 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 170) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 170 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 180)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 180 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 200)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 200 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 220)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 220 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 230)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 230 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 270)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 270 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 300)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 300 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 330)
Right-click to use. You character must be level 330 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Shining Golden Anvil
Can only be used on equipment with 1 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. Does not require a silver fee for enhancement. When you fail at an enhancement level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Miracle Seeds
A sprout gifted by the Goddess' Blessing will grow when used.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 350) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 350 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Title - Ultimate Savior
Contains a title awarded for participating in Uska's event. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[R10] Title - Receiver of the Revelations
[R10] Booster Pack (Lv. 380) 
Right-click to use. You character must be level 380 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Use it to track the location of carrier hawks in danger.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Astral Tower Hero Cube
Use to receive a random item from the rewards list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Astral Tower Hero Costume Selection Box
A box containing Male and Female Astral Tower Hero Costumes. Right-click to use and select a costume.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[PP] Title - 100 Hours
100 Hours Reward Title Box
[PP] Title - 200 Hours
200 Hours Reward Title Box
[PP] Title - 300 Hours
300 Hours Reward Title Box
[PP] Title - 400 Hours
400 Hours Reward Title Box
[PP] Title - 500 Hours
500 Hours Reward Title Box
[PP] Title - 1000 Hours
1000 Hours Reward Title Box
[R10] Star Fragment
This fragment will help you reset your Rank after the arrival of Rank 10. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[R10] Uska's Invitation
This invitation will help you level up. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Lv 15 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Select the equipment you want to receive from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Lv 40 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 75 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 120 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 170 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 220 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 270 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 315 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
Lv 350 Weapon/Armor Selection Box
[R10] Lucky Box (1 Hour)
Win up to 10,000 Attribute Points!{nl}Can be used by characters of level 50 and above.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Title - Little Lightbulb
Title given to players selected for the monthly BEST event.
Title - Idea Bank
Title given to players selected for the monthly BEST event 5 times.
Title - Idea Master
Title given to players selected for the monthly BEST event 10 times.
A Bokor can summon zombies by using this capsule. You must know the [Zombify] skill in order to use it and the maximum zombie count is the same as from [Zombify].
This object is rumored to bring bad luck to its owner. Most recently, it is thought to have led to the death of a member of the Green family.
Baltinel Parish Relic
Relic kept by the priests of Baltinel Memorial.
Kupoles' Belongings
Objects belonging to the rescued Kupoles.
Neutralizing Orb
Tool used by the demons to hunt the Kupoles.
Fake Keepsake
Magic tool in the shape of a necklace created by Kupole Grisia to trick Kupole Velad.
Grisia's Everything
Things Kupole Grisia is trying to deliver to Velad.
Magic Block
A magic-blocking scroll given by Owynia Dilben. Use it to control the magic of the sculptures in Starry Town.
Ball of Electricity
Found in Starry Town Square. A powerful electric current is flowing through it.
Record of newly-arrived residents in Feline Post Town.
Blackened Clothes
Ingredy Powder
Powder found stuck to a monster. Can be used to detect substances in chemical solutions.
Detecting Solution
A solution produced by the Exorcist Master to detect signs of possession and find the Teal Specter hiding in Feline Post Town.
Sealing Coin
Solution made for finding the Teal Specter hiding in the artist's body.
Micro Magic Detector
A device that detects minute manifestations of magic.
Scroll of Gravity
A scroll that can make objects levitate.
Old Reseach Papers
Old research documents written in a mysterious hieroglyphic script.
Special Glass Bottle
Bottle used for collecting the materials that make up the starry stairs in the clock tower square.
Hand Net
A net used for catching fish.
Lake Fish
A fish from the lake. It is still alive.
Documents with information on how to operate the Water Facilities.
Bloody Note
A written note, penned by someone who was likely in a hurry. It is stained with blood.
Good Magic Stone
A shining Magic Stone. It looks filled with magic and ready to be used.
Water Bag
A bag for collecting purified water.
Rias Weeds
Small plants that grow on the lake. They give off a strong divine energy.
Refined Rias Weed Powder
Powder made from refined Rias Weeds.
A bag full of purified water.
Trap Removal Tool
Tyler's tool for removing traps.
Small Poison Bottle
A bottle filled with poison.
Magic Detector
A stone that can detect magic. It looks expensive.
First Half of Ancient Disc
Part of an ancient disc. You need the other half in order to read what is written on it.
Second Half of Ancient Disc
Revealing Orb
Orb created to reveal demons who are disguised as humans.
Stone with Lake Energy
A stone imbued with the magic energy of the lake.
A stone that absorbs specific types of energy.
Powerful Arrow Recipe
Contains instructions on how to craft an arrow using the method developed by the Fletcher Master.
Earth Essence
A material that emits a faint shine, at times found on the continent. Rumors say it can be used to produce powerful tools.
Natural Obsidian
A type of Obsidian possessing a distinctive red color. It's imbued with the magic energy of the lake.
Humming Duke Feather
A type of feather that is exceptionally malleable and robust.
Ziburyte
A highly poisonous plant, avoided even by insects.
Poisonous Trap
A trap made with Ziburyte poison.
Humming Duke Meat
Lean meat obtained from a Humming Duke.
Pasto
A water plant that grows on the lake. It possesses outstanding purifying properties.
Magic Orb
A blue orb imbued with magic. It disappears if taken outside of Baubas Cave.
Concentrated Blue Crystal
A blue crystal containing concentrated magic. Its uses are unknown. The crystal disappears if taken outside of Baubas Cave.
Concentrated Red Crystal
A red crystal containing concentrated magic. Its uses are unknown. The crystal disappears if taken outside of Baubas Cave.
Concentrated Yellow Crystal
A yellow crystal containing concentrated magic. Its uses are unknown. The crystal disappears if taken outside of Baubas Cave.
Portal Suppressor
A device used to suppress the magic of portals.
Portal Bomb
A bomb for destroying portals. Use it to eliminate the portals created by the demons.
A magic stone fragment that was being held by a demon. Kron wants to use it to create a bomb that can destroy the magic protecting the defensive devices.
Magic Stone Bomb
A bomb made from magic stone fragments. It may be slow to detonate, but the explosion it produces is powerful enough.
First Device Lever
This lever can be connected to the first defensive device in order to deactivate the trap.
Written Instructions
A document obtained from nearby demons containing instructions from a superior. They describe what to do on 4F.
Second Device Lever
This lever can be connected to the second defensive device in order to deactivate the trap.
Elder Henika's Key
A key belonging to Elder Henika. It exudes an unpleasant energy. You will need it to use the elevator to 21F.
Schaffenstar Emergency Meds
Emergency medicine commonly provided to members of the Schaffenstar. It includes a powerful antidote. Somehow it was in the hands of a demon.
Control Device Handle
A handle that controls the barrier that's hiding the first defensive device on 12F. You can connect it to the control device and turn the handle to disable it.
Elder Adaux's Key
A key belonging to Elder Adaux. It exudes an unpleasant energy. You will need it to use the elevator to 21F.
Suspicious Scroll
A scroll being kept by the Schaffenstar members guarding the control device. You can use it to find magic sources hidden nearby.
Defensive Device Lever
This lever can be connected to the defensive device in order to deactivate the trap.
First General Office Key
A key to the General Office on 20F, taken from the demons. It can be used to find another key.
Second General Office Key
Another key to the General Office on 20F. It can be used with the other office key to operate the elevator to 21F.
Magic Arrow
An arrow given by Byle. It may not be powerful enough to stop Elder Henika, but it can weaken the demons.
Elder Cezaris' Key
A key belonging to Elder Cezaris. It exudes an unpleasant energy. You will need it to use the elevator to 21F.
Magic Residue
Traces of magic found scattered around. Byle wants to use them to overload the demon devices.
The tenth Revelation, found at the Astral Tower. Readable.
Red Bookmark
A red bookmark that can be used to decipher the code used in the Fantasy Library. You need to place all the bookmarks in the correct order to open the portal.
Yellow Bookmark
A yellow bookmark that can be used to decipher the code used in the Fantasy Library. You need to place all the bookmarks in the correct order to open the portal.
Green Bookmark
A green bookmark that can be used to decipher the code used in the Fantasy Library. You need to place all the bookmarks in the correct order to open the portal.
Blue Bookmark
A blue bookmark that can be used to decipher the code used in the Fantasy Library. You need to place all the bookmarks in the correct order to open the portal.
Story of the Legendary Archer and Arrow Maker. Readable.
No target is invisible for a trained archer! Readable.
Advice on the use of tools given by Lydia Schaffen to her apprentices. Readable.
The challenges faced by Lydia Schaffen and her solutions. Readable.
Essential Reading for Linkers: Finding The Nexus Point Of All Ego. Not readable.
A book sought after by the Sage Master. Not readable.
A research paper on armors used during the rule of King Kadumel. Not readable.
1st Anniversary Armband
An armband accessory celebrating 1 year of TOS.
Twinkle Purple Lenses
Twinkle Forest Lenses
Amber Cross Lenses
Black Drop Lenses
Moon Rabbit Helmet
Legends tell of a celestial rabbit that lives on the Moon and is often seen pounding rice in its mortar. Like all rabbits, it's as cute as a button.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.{nl}Hair dyes do not apply.
Green Dumpling Helmet
A sweet dumpling featuring an aromatic herb filling.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Sword
 - 10% chance per Strike attack to increase Critical Rate by 2x for 5 sec
The Wastrel itself has no interest in artifacts returned from the past. It's the powerful magic accumulated in its body that attracts old artifacts and even connects them to it. 
Asio Sword
{nl} {nl}Sharp Blade{nl} - Critical attacks delivered with a One-handed Sword apply a buff that increases critical attack by +250 for 10 sec{nl} {nl}- While Sharp Blade is active, every critical attack increases your critical attack values by an additional +80{nl}(Max. increase: 400)
This piece of equipment disappeared with the accident of Nicopolis, but it returned to our world around the same time as the Asiomage and the Quipmage. 
Wastrel Zvaigzde Two-handed Sword
 - Increases movement speed while Cyclone is active
Ancient artifacts attracted by the Wastrel are known to interact with the monster's peculiar magic. One cannot tell what new kinds of magic may arise from those interactions.
Asio Two-handed Sword
The Quipmage was always interested in expanding his influence. To achieve this, he had plans to recruit mercenaries and provide them with weapons that could surpass the power of those used by the Royal Army.
  - 1% chance to reduce an enemy's magic defense by 50% of your own magic defense and {img green_up_arrow 16 16} increase physical defense for 30 seconds with a basic attack (Does not apply to boss monsters)
Asio Rod
The Asiomage is notably fond of this weapon, as it provides an increase in intelligence. More than a tool, it serves as a sort of mood-boosting toy to the monster. 
Wastrel Zvaigzde Rod
A long time ago, a wizard created a giant lock and key, and with that they produced this weapon. Despite its appearance, however, it's often used as a cane for walking.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Bow
All the equipment that disappeared during the accident of Nicopolis has returned in the exact same conditions, without any signs of the time that has passed. 
Asio Bow
{nl} {nl}Animal Friend: Rabbit{nl} - Skill attacks grant a 10% chance of summoning a rabbit, which applies one of two buffs.{nl} {nl} - Smiley Bunny: Critical Rate +20 per stack for 10 sec, triggers Angry Bunny after 3 stacks.{nl} - Angry Bunny: AoE Attack Ratio +2, final buff applied by rabbit (duration 15 sec).
The Asiomage is carrying out research to improve the equipment originally developed by his other self, the Quipmage. This item, for example, is already more effective than when it first returned to our world.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Crossbow
All Nicopolis equipment has returned to our world in the exact same conditions as when it disappeared, from its basic components down to the coatings of oil, now centuries old.
Asio Crossbow
The Asiomage is not fond of this weapon. He still remembers being used as a living bullseye in past experiments, particularly for crossbows.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Mace
Some wizards of old Nicopolis were secretly opposed to the Kingdom, but in order to feign support, they developed a few weapons that make use of divine power. This is one of such weapons.
Asio Mace
{nl} {nl}Summon Shaman Doll{nl}  - One-handed Blunt weapon attacks grant a 10% chance of summoning a shaman doll (duration 5 sec, max. 1 doll).{nl} {nl}  - Destroy the doll to deal damage all around in proportion to its HP.{nl}  (Shaman doll HP: 30,000-50,000)
Some scientists complain that the name of this item is arbitrary, as it bears no resemblance to owls whatsoever.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Two-handed Mace
Some of the items attracted by the Wastrel's bodily magic are actually harmful to it. Otherwise, the Wastrel would be even more powerful than it is now.
Asio Two-handed Mace
 - Demolition skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - God Smash skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
This weapon is said to have been intended for an army of Golem monsters. It is unknown whether the Quipmage or the Asiomage have any memory of that fact.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Shield
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%{nl}  -  5% chance of resisting rank 2 or lower status ailments
Fortunately for everyone, the Wastrel does not use this shield for protection. However, the shield is said to ease the pain of generating new equipment items.
Asio Shield
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%{nl} {nl} Eye of the Asiomage{nl} - Provocation targets {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Unlike other Asio items, this one faithfully represents the style and conventions popular in old Nicopolis before the great accident.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Spear
Most items that contain magic gems have negative effects on the Wastrel's body. That can be considered a fortunate occurrence.
Asio Spear
A spear designed by a wizard. The Quipmage doesn't seem to have thought that the shape of this weapon would pose any problem.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Pike
Of all the items attracted by the Wastrel, some are incorporated physically, while some have only their magic properties absorbed. Physically assimilated objects are thought to be constantly prodding the body of the Wastrel.
Asio Pike
The Asiomage is missing crucial memories about his line of equipment, while the Quipmage wonders why he remembers such useless information. This is thought to be the reason why there is still no upgraded version of the Asio Pike. 
Wastrel Zvaigzde Dagger
{nl} {nl}Black & White Mask{nl}ENH: Additional Holy property attack +30 per weapon enhancement stage starting from +10{nl} {nl}TRA: Additional Dark property attack +30 per transcendence stage{nl}(Max. increase in additional Holy/Dark attack: 300)
This item is thought to flow in the veins of the Wastrel. Although the monster's blood and circulatory system are very different from that of most living beings, it still seems to cause the Wastrel pain when it passes through certain regions of its body.
Asio Dagger
 - Dagger attacks in stealth mode increase damage by 15%
The Quipmage intended to use this weapon to assassinate the Pervading Queen and the Teal Specter. All three of these wizards had plans to annihilate the others, each through their own methods. 
Wastrel Zvaigzde Staff
In the early days of this weapon, it was common for it to break down into three pieces. Large amounts of magic were used to increase its durability, so much so that, now, it will not break even when it is fused into the Wastrel.
Asio Staff
Unlike the Asio Rod, the Asio Staff is known to bring down the spirits of the Asiomage. The intelligence boost causes him to relive even more memories of his turbulent past.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Pistol
 - Full Metal Jacket skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Retreat Shot skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Due to the gap created by Medzio Diena, the Wastrel's living quarters have begun to attract common items found in the present. This means that the Wastrel is not only surrounded by weapons like this pistol, but also by miscellaneous items like worn-out shoes and broken chairs.
Asio Pistol
{nl} {nl}Target Set{nl} - Pistol attacks grant a 20% chance of applying the Target Set debuff.{nl} {nl} - Target Set deals 5,000-7,000 damage to 10 nearby enemies when it reaches 3 stacks.{nl} {nl} - Damage increased by 30% per nearby enemy affected by Target Set (max. increase: 700%).
The Asiomage is quite proud of this weapon. He began designing his own gunpowder weapons after returning to our world. 
Wastrel Zvaigzde Rapier
Weapons like these with low slashing power can easily end up lodged in the Wastrel's body. Fortunately for the Wastrel, however, they do not cause him pain.
Asio Rapier
 - Epee Garde skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Although the original designer of this weapon was the Pervading Queen, the Asiomage is the one currently developing it. The Pervading Queen has long lost interest in the production of equipment.
  - Sweeping Cannon skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1{nl}  - Cannon Barrage skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Wastrel Zvaigzde Cannon
 - Attacks in Bazooka status grant a 10% chance of applying the same damage as the previous attack.
Seeing as so many weapons are absorbed into the Wastrel's body, one would think at least some of them would be deployed inside of it.
Asio Cannon
 - Sweeping Cannon skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Siege Burst skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
The Asiomage was heavily influenced by the excessive scholarly fervor that is typical of wizards, which led him to create unnecessary weapons for no apparent reason.
Wastrel Zvaigzde Musket
This weapon was not absorbed into the Wastrel's body by traveling through the gap that appeared during Medzio Diena. It is said to have been carried by an adventurer who attempted to defeat the Wastrel.
Asio Musket
After returning to our world and learning that many bird species had mutated into monsters, the Asiomage made plans to create his own army of birds to carry this weapon. A rather birdish thought, one might say.
Moon Rabbit Costume
Legends tell of a celestial rabbit that lives on the Moon and is often seen pounding rice in its mortar. Like all rabbits, it's as cute as a button.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Royal Envoy Costume (Male)
Undercover envoys of the royal court were special agents who scoured the Kingdom looking for outlaws and troublemakers.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Royal Envoy Costume (Female)
Court Scholar Costume (Male)
Becoming a royal scholar was no easy task: only the Kingdom's brightest minds were allowed to serve in the court.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Court Scholar Costume (Female)
Black Ceremonial Robes (Male)
These robes were worn by undercover royal envoys to carry out top-secret missions.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Black Ceremonial Robes (Female)
The chessboard is much more than part of game; it is a true battlefield.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Horse Medal
This medal was used by undercover envoys to reveal their identity to higher officials and request aid for their missions. Now, it has been re-imagined as a hair accessory.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Satgat Hat
This style of hat was used to avoid the harsh sunlight on long trips to faraway regions.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Black Gat Hat
Those of the noble classes commonly wore this style of hat when walking or riding outside in the sun.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Wooden Pane Shield
Horse Medal Shield
Moon Rabbit Cannon
Cannon [Appearance]
Moon Rabbit Staff
Dumpling Rod
Brush Stroke Spear
One-handed Spear [Appearance]
Scimitar of Glory
Two-handed Spear [Appearance]
Wooden Stick Mace
Apricot Blossom Crossbow
Crossbow [Appearance]
Roof Tile Dagger
Dagger [Appearance]
Let's show everyone your support! Voooooooo! Event item.
It lets you dig. Event item.
Ah! You found something! Event item.
Work on your biceps. Event item.
Bursting the little plastic bubbles is the most satisfying feeling ever. Event item.
Blow it and make it sound like a real party. Use a maximum of once in 30 seconds. Event item.
Snow is falling. Event item.
Just have a seat. Event item.
[Event] TOS Celebration Costume (Male)
A Dainu Svente event item. Use to change your appearance.
[Event] TOS Celebration Costume (Female)
Moon Rabbit Kite
This kite features a cute illustration of the Moon Rabbit.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Moon Rabbit Balloon
It's the Moon Rabbit! Look at it float!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Knapsack
Back Costume
There's nowhere you can't go with a pair of straw shoes and your trusty knapsack.
Royal Envoy Scrolls
A stack of scrolls filled with reports from a royal envoy of the Kingdom.
Top Secret Royal Scrolls
A stack of scrolls filled with top-secret reports from a royal envoy of the Kingdom.
Moon Rabbits Pounding Rice
Displays an image of Moon Rabbits pounding rice on the ground every time you jump.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Royal Envoy Horse Stamp
Displays an image of the old horse medals used by undercover royal envoys every time you jump.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Blossoms in the Wind
Be surrounded by delicate cherry blossoms flowing in the wind.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
GM's Thank You Box
Right-click to use and receive the following items and buffs.{nl}Rewards:{nl} - [Event] 10 TP x1{nl}Buff: {nl} - Red Ox (30 Min) {nl} - Movement speed increase - Event (30 Min) {nl} - Nearby HP restored - Event (30 Min) {nl} - Nearby HP restored - Event (30 Min)
GM's Apology Box
[PP] Red Vampire Costume Selection Box
Right-click to use. You can select one item from the following.{nl}-Red Vampire Costume (Male) / Red Vampire Costume (Female).{nl}Can be used after the maintenance on October 4.
Error Compensation Silver Box: 1,000
Use to obtain Silver x1,000.
Error Compensation Silver Box: 10,000
Use to obtain Silver x10,000.
Goddess' Blessed Cube x20 +2 Box
Use to obtain two Goddess' Blessed Cube x10 +1.
Asiomage Testing Grounds Raid Cube
Spirit Fragment: Asiomage
Collect 50 recipe fragments and use to obtain either a full recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
Magic Research Facility Raid Cube
Spirit Fragment: Wastrel
Collect 50 recipe fragments and use to obtain either a full recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
Asiomage Card
[Card Equip Effect] Critical Rate +[{img star_mark 20 20}*15]
Wastrel Card
[Card Equip Effect] Maximum HP +[{img star_mark 20 20}*500]
A mystical hammer said to dismantle everything it touches. Its mysterious powers seem to have run out.
Said to absorb magic from its surroundings. Now, it no longer reacts to magic energy.
Spotted Baby Pig Egg
A baby pig egg obtained as an Adventure Journal reward. Right-click to use and register your Companion.{nl}This Companion can be mounted without a riding skill.
A book sought after by the Sage Master. You can read it.
A sweet dumpling made of various ingredients. It may look difficult to cook, but the tasty treat is worth it. {nl} Increases +2 movement speed, +5000 maximum HP and SP for 15 minutes (will be deleted at the end of the event period).
Install this statue to receive the Goddess' Blessing for five minutes.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Item used for enhancing gems that drastically increases their EXP.{nl} - Gem EXP gained: 14700{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Use it to enter an instanced dungeon one more time.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Use it when you need some time out.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Fire it up and enjoy with your party.{nl}Grants 60 minutes of +2 movement speed and +50% EXP gains to all party members.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 15 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 40 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 50 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 75 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 85 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 100 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 120 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 140 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 170 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 180 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 200 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 220 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically 
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 230 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 270 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 300 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 330 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon 
A sprout gifted by the Goddess' Blessing will grow when used.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 350 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Contains a title awarded for participating in Uska's event. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 380 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click and enter the name of a gesture to make all characters within a range of 100 adopt the same gesture.{nl}To see the names of gestures, open [F8].{nl}Characters not using a Token will not be able to adopt Token-exclusive gestures.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
This invitation will help you level up. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Select the equipment you want to receive from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Title - TOS Popular Researcher
Title granted to popular TOS researchers
Title - TOS 3-Time Researcher
A title granted to 3-time TOS researchers
[Event] Rainbow Dust
A souvenir for each rainbow city completed. Take it to the Event Notice Board and win additional rewards.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
TOS Celebration Costume Selection Box
Right-click to use and select the Male or Female version of the TOS Celebration Costume.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
TOS Celebration Toy Selection Box
Right-click to use and select a toy from the list.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
Title - Here to Party
Title box awarded for the Dainu Svente event.
Full Moon Fragment
Event item. Bring it to the corresponding NPC to participate in the event.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
Title - Waiting for a Full Moon
Title box awarded for the full moon event.
Spotted Baby Pig Companion Voucher
A Companion Voucher obtained as an Adventure Journal Reward. Collect 20 and exchange them for a Spotted Baby Pig Companion at the Wings of Vaivora. 
Rare Enchant Jewel
[Enchant Jewel]
Rare-grade Enchant Jewel. Can apply [Enchant Stats] to weapons and armor.
Unique Enchant Jewel
Unique-grade Enchant Jewel. Can apply [Enchant Stats] to weapons and armor.
Legend Enchant Jewel
Legend-grade Enchant Jewel. Can apply [Enchant Stats] to weapons and armor.
Records of the goddess spread around the Fantasy Library. They are written in an unknown language.
A Dimensional Search Scroll given by Kupole Rugile. Use it to check the dimensional crack that is being invaded by the demons.
Unidentified records by Goddess Vaivora and the Kupoles. They are written in an unknown language.
A fragmented piece of the Crystal of Protection. Kupole Saya wants to gather these fragments to repair the crystals.
Blueprints for a very complex looking formula. A mysterious force is surrounding it. It appears that the blueprint itself is capable of generating magical power.
A crystalized fragment of a distorted dimension. It radiates in many different colors.
A core containing demonic energy. Only Kupole Danute knows what it will be used for.
A protective crystal made from several fragments of a dimension. It is said to be used to maintain the potency of protection crystals.
A record of Giltine. Written in an unknown language and images.
A source of magic used to charge the Flicid Collapsing Device.
A key that can open the door to a locked dimension. The key can be used to locate concealed objects inside hidden dimensions.
Bullets for the Red Spions of Salvia Forest. Register them in your quick slots to use.
Can check your Retiarius training and HP training stats. Will take into consideration your latest results. 
Royal Templar Appointment Letter
An official letter appointing a Royal Templar.
Pereja Bead
A bead the allows you to cross the barrier set up by the Asiomage.
There's something written on the stone plate, but it's hard to make out. This item will disappear if you move away from the Stalactite Cave.
A supply bottle that was distributed to the resistance troops as supplies. The bottle is quite heavy as it has been filled up by Leonildas.
Mana Lamp
A lamp that collects mana from the air around it.
White Wolf Costume (Male)
Wear this costume on a night of full moon to create a spooky ambiance. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
White Wolf Costume (Female)
Black Cat Costume (Male)
Become a mysterious black cat on Halloween and wander into the night. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Black Cat Costume (Female)
Become a mysterious black cat on Halloween and wander into the night. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Spider Web Costume (Male)
This costume is made of real spider webs processed through a special method. It's both cute and spooky, perfect for Halloween.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Spider Web Costume (Female)
Jack-O-Lantern Costume (Male)
It's no Halloween without the traditional Jack-O-Lantern, complete with creepy yellow eyes.
Jack-O-Lantern Costume (Female)
Wolf Mask
Awooooo! I'm a wolf!{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Black Cat Ears
Cute kitty ears for Halloween.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Pumpkin Hair Accessory
A fun hair accessory made to look like a neat little Jack-O-Lantern.
Purple Ribbon Witch Hat
The iconic hat of Halloween witches. This one comes with a purple ribbon.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Red Ribbon Witch Hat
The iconic hat of Halloween witches. This one comes with a red ribbon.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Latte Art: Bunny
A cute foam bunny peeping out of a warm latte cup.
Latte Art: Kitty
A curious foam kitty peeping out of a warm latte cup.
Latte Art: Popolion
A Popolion made by a latte artist.
Jack-O-Lantern Two-handed Mace
This item can only be used to change the appearance of another.{nl}Includes visual effects, which vary based on enhancement values.{nl}Does not consume Silver when used as appearance material.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Pumpkin Rapier
Triple Jack-O-Lantern Sword
Chainsaw Two-handed Sword
This item can only be used to change the appearance of another.{nl}Includes visual and sound effects, which play whenever the target is hit.{nl}Does not consume Silver when used as appearance material.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Jack-O-Lantern Mace
Broomstick Staff
Bat Bow
Jack-O-Lantern Spear
Jack-O-Lantern Pike
Pumpkin Dagger
Cat Pistol
This item can only be used to change the appearance of another.{nl}Includes sound effects, which play whenever the target is hit.{nl}Does not consume Silver when used as appearance material.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Red Syringe Musket
Jack-O-Lantern Balloon
Trick or treat! It's Haloween!{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Spooky Ghost Balloon
Be careful, this balloon may be haunted by a real ghost.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Meow Cat Balloon
Carry around this cute  and slightly creepy  kitty cat balloon.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Spooky Jack-O-Lantern
Jump to display a spooky Jack-O-Lantern effect.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Creepy Ghost Party
Equip to display spooky ghost designs under your feet.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A candy only available during the Halloween season. When used, increases all stats by 5. Right-click to use. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
Attribute Points: 100 (14 Days)
Jack-O-Lantern Costume Selection Box
Contains one Jack-O-Lantern Costume of your choice (Male or Female). Right-click to use and select a costume.
Pit-a-pat Veil
A beautiful wedding veil, for the most important day of your life. Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Nicopolis Guard Costume (Male)
The official uniform of Nicopolis guards. Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Nicopolis Guard Costume (Female)
Pit-a-pat Tuxedo (Male)
Can you feel your heart flutter? This is the moment you promise to cherish your loved one for life. Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Pit-a-pat Dress (Female)
Black Sailor Costume (Male)
Less is more! This timeless sailor costume is proof of that. Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Black Sailor Costume (Female)
Coral Blue Bunny Boy Costume (Male)
Hoppity-hop your way into any party with this sexy bunny costume.Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Coral Blue Bunny Girl Costume (Female)
Nicopolis Guard Hat
The official uniform hat of Nicopolis guards. Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Pixel Sunglasses
The glasses you need for meme-tastic comebacks. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Boeing Sunglasses
All the cool kids in the Kingdom are wearing these. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Taoist Master Hat
No one has ever seen GeHongwithout his hat ever since he became the Taoist Master. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Miko Master Ornament
According to a talkative divine spirit, Hitomiko likes to complain about the weight of her ornament, but she continues to wear it every day because people always tell her it looks good on her. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
A hair accessory matching the Ceremonial costumes. Right-click to use.{nl} Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Movement speed +2 and EXP gains +25% for 1 hour.{nl}
 - Using the Red Seeds in a farm map will plant them on the ground, growing a prize in 20 minutes.{nl}Crops disappear 1 hour after they are planted.{nl}If you plant the seeds, you cannot receive their buff.
Fluffy Penguin Helmet
The curious little baby penguin sure looks toasty in this fluffy hood.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.{nl}Hair dyes do not apply.
Wrap Me Up Santa Costume (Male)
Walk to up your crush in this Santa costume and make your move! Note: We will not be made responsible if you get rejected.{nl}Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Wrap Me Up Santa Costume (Female)
Cozy Polar Bear Costume
Snuggle up by the fire in this comfy polar bear ensemble.{nl}Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Elegant Snow Fox Costume
Gracious and delicate, such is the snow fox represented in this outfit.{nl}Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Fluffy Penguin Costume
Transform into a cute baby penguin with soft down and a big protruding belly.{nl}Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Cozy Polar Bear Ears
Nothing says "wintry and cute" like a pair of polar bear ears.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Elegant Snow Fox Ears
Complement your elegant Winter costume with a pair of alert fox ears.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Small Present Hairpin
A small gift to celebrate the holiday spirit. Who is it for...?{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Small Star Hairpin
Let this tiny star light your way.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Christmas Tree Sword
Christmas Tree Two-handed Sword
Snowman Crossbow
Gingerbread Shield
Candy Cane Musket
Candlelight Rod
Candlelight Staff
Gift Pouch Cannon
Candy Cane Pistol
Fluffy Penguin Balloon
Who wouldn't want to carry this cute fellow around?{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Shining Star Wings
A pair of leafy wings decorated with a single golden star.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Jingle Bell Wings
Jingle all the way in these magical Christmas bell wings.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Mysterious Aurora
Displays a magical aurora effect behind you.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Heavy Snow
Creates a beautiful snowfall effect over your head.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Attribute Points: 1000 (14 Days)
Increases attribute points by 1,000. Right-click to use. 
Conqueror Armband
Armband awarded to guilds that have seized a Spot in the Kingdom.
Conqueror Armband (1 Day)
Giltine Follower Armband
3rd Anniversary Armband
Goddess' Savior Armband
Bangs Cut
Short Regent Hair
Fishtail
Judicas Mask
[Assassin] Helmet
A highly trained Assassin always walks a fine line between life and death. It is said that this mask grants them the gift of life when an Assassin's life is in peril.{nl}It cannot be dyed.
Giltine Follower Hood (F)
A hood worn by the followers of Giltine to conceal their identity in secret assemblies.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.{nl}Hair dyes do not apply.
Giltine Follower Hood (M)
Giltine's Hood
A hood worn by the followers of Giltine when recruiting others to their cause.{nl}The cute aspect of the hood is said to reduce hostility from potential recruits.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.{nl}Hair dyes do not apply.
 - All Quarrel Shooter skill levels {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2{nl}  - Additional non-property attack of 3,000 damage
Training Kris Dagger
Stiletto
Blue Stiletto
A weapon commonly used by scouts.
Dunkel Pistol
Decent performance at an affordable price.
Dunkel Wooden Pistol
A pistol made of wood. It may not look convincing, but it certainly is affordable.
Dunkel Raudona Wooden Pistol
Sketis Pistol
A pistol made of wood. The interior is lined in metal for additional power and stability.
Spiare Pistol
Bullets are reloaded by turning the large cylinder. The rotating parts can sometimes malfunction, but that doesn't interfere with the use of the pistol.
Berthas Sketis Pistol
Berthas Spiare Pistol
Primus Sketis Pistol
Primus Spiare Pistol
Dunkel Rapier
Allows you to attack over long distances.
Dunkel Raudona Rapier
Sketis Rapier
The Sketis line of equipment is said to have been designed during the reign of King Themomel. 
Duelist Rapier
The sharp blade allows you to pierce through enemies with ease. It can also be used to attack with Pommel Attack and Cross Guard.
Berthas Sketis Rapier
Berthas Duelist Rapier
Primus Sketis Rapier
Primus Duelist Rapier
Reine Cannon
Weapon of choice for those who have just moved on from their training cannon. Unfortunately, here extravagance does not correlate with performance.
Berthas Reine Cannon
Primus Reine Cannon
(Old) Velcoffer Cannon
The item can no longer be used. Inquire with the Weapon ChangeHelper NPC
CrystarasMusket
This item was designed as a remodeled version of a training musket. Rather than performance, however, the focus of the design was on ornamentation. The intention was to mimic the appearance of Lolopanther, although it doesn't possess the same splendor.
Berthas Crystaras Musket
Primus Crystaras Musket
Ignas Robe
 - Triggers the Ignas - Immunity buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Ignas - Immunity{nl} - Grants a (2.5 * Ignas - Immunity stacks)% chance of resisting debuffs of Lv 2 and below.
It is hard to tell what methods Ignas used to craft this item from the essence of Ziburynas. If he was able to harness the full power of the essence, he certainly would have created much stronger equipment.
Ignas Leather Armor
 - Activates the Jab buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Jab{nl} - Triggers Ignas - Jab when you attack in stealth mode.{nl} {nl} Ignas - Jab{nl} - Increases physical and magic critical attack by (300 * Jab stacks). (10 sec duration)
No one knows exactly why Ignas produced different pieces of equipment from such varied materials. Some believe he intended to target enemies other than the Resistance.
Ignas Plate Armor
 - Activates the Wrath buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Wrath{nl} - Grants a (5 * Wrath stacks)% chance of triggering Ignas - Wrath whenever you are attacked. {nl} {nl}Ignas - Wrath{nl} - Maximum attack + 250 (max. 3 stacks, 10 sec duration)
Given how the Astral Tower is located in the middle of a lake, the likelihood of a surprise attack is significantly low. One wonders, then, what Ignas' intentions were behind the making of this plate armor.
Ignas Pants
 - Triggers the Ignas - Immunity buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Ignas - Immunity{nl} - Grants a (2.5 * Ignas - Immunity stacks)% chance of resisting debuffs of Lv 2 and below.
One could assume that Ignas only possessed a limited amount of the Essence of Ziburynas, seeing as how he used fairly little of it on his line of equipment.  
Ignas Leather Pants
Were it not for production constraints, a full Schaffenstar army equipped with Ignas' items would become the strongest in the Kingdom. One could even argue that would be enough to defeat any other armed forces in the nation 4-to-1.
Ignas Plate Pants
When he created these pants, Ignas mentioned that they were designed as testing equipment for Schwarzer Reiters and other mercenaries from the Astral Tower.
Ignas Boots
 - Activates the Tactics buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Tactics{nl} - Triggers Ignas - Tactics with every critical attack.{nl} {nl}Ignas - Tactics{nl} - Increases magical critical attack by (125 * Tactics stacks){nl}(Max. 2 stacks, 10 sec duration)
The Astral Tower includes flooring of many types, including wire mesh floors. These boots were created to protect the wearer's feet from all kinds of floor materials.
Ignas Leather Boots
 - Activates the Scrutiny buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Scrutiny{nl} - Triggers Ignas - Scrutiny with every successful evasion.{nl} {nl}Ignas - Scrutiny{nl} - Increases critical rate by (70 * Scrutiny stacks). (10 sec duration)
Some pieces are said to contain the inscription, "Schaffenstar under the stars, the world under Schaffenstar." 
Ignas Greaves
 - Activates the Fortitude buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Fortitude{nl} - (5 * Fortitude stacks)% chance to trigger Ignas - Fortitude on successful block.{nl} {nl}Ignas - Fortitude{nl} - Physical and magic defense +300{nl}(Maximum of 5 stacks for 10 sec duration)
According to Elder Ramunas' experiments, extracting the Essence of Ziburynas from Ignas' equipment is not as easy as it may seem. He believes, however, that a magic Class Master may be able to achieve just that one day.
Ignas Gloves
Looking at how each piece of Ignas' equipment is adorned with Schaffenstar symbols, one can assume that these would be the items used by its members, had he remained as head of the organization. 
Ignas Leather Gloves
According to reports from his early career, Ignas predicted that any act of treason within the Schaffenstar would be met with three obstacles: Lydia Schaffen's provisions, the Three-Layered Castle Wall, and Class Master neutrality. These gloves, however, provide a clue as to which Master he foresaw as an ally. 
Ignas Plate Gauntlets
The claws in these gauntlets are useful not just in combat situations, but also in the daily life of Schaffenstar members, especially when it comes to cleaning the external walls of the Astral Tower.
 - Increases magic critical attack by a value equal to {img green_up_arrow 16 16}40% of your HP recovery rate at the time of equipping this item{nl} - Reduces HP recovery rate to 0
Drakonas Lynnki Sit Necklace
A different magic object was used to alter the nature of these jewels, and the resulting magic power was then spread throughout the rest of the ornaments.
Drakonas Kite Moor Necklace
This necklace was created from an attempt to divide a single property into two beneficial directions. That is, indeed, the way in which Kite Moor magic is operated. 
Drakonas Pasiutes Necklace
The person who crafted this piece believed that its original maker had committed a mistake. In order to bring out the item's hidden power, they collected accessories of different kinds and brought them together as one.
Drakonas Frieno Necklace
The body includes an engraved sentence claiming the origins of this piece in a shattered dagger owned by a goddess.
Drakonas Lynnki Sit Bracelet
The old power of Lynnki is now seemingly gone. Instead, this accessory has received a form of divine power that will never fade away.
Drakonas Kite Moor Bracelet
A new method has been found to produce this accessory which generates an even stronger magic that protects the life of its wearer.
Drakonas Pasiutes Bracelet
The combination of different accessories in this piece has given it an even greater power.
Drakonas Frieno Bracelet
The inscription on the back may have faded, but its meaning lives on in the form of powerful magic.
Boruta Seal - Swordsman
[Seal]
Dragon magic doesn't traditionally apply in our world, but it is possible to make it work with sufficient training. The magic in this seal is a result of such efforts, i.e. the closest humans have ever gotten to experiencing the fruits of Boruta's work.
Boruta Seal - Wizard
Boruta Seal - Cleric
Boruta Seal - Archer
Boruta Seal - Scout
Kaze Seal - Swordsman
A seal offered by Kaze to those who aid her cause.
Kaze Seal - Wizard
Kaze Seal - Cleric
Kaze Seal - Archer
Kaze Seal - Scout
[PP] Red Vampire Costume (Male)
A spooky vampire costume. Use to change your appearance.
[PP] Red Vampire Costume (Female)
Golden Champion Costume (90 Days)
A costume granted to guilds who succeeded in seizing a Spot. Use to change your appearance.{nl}The costume will be deleted at the end of the next GTW season.
Black Champion Costume
A costume granted to guilds who succeeded in seizing a Spot. Use to change your appearance.
Black Champion Costume (1 Day)
Hoppity-hop your way into any party with this sexy bunny costume.Use to change your appearance. Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Giltine Follower Robe (M)
Garments worn by Giltine's followers when attending secret assemblies.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Giltine Follower Robe (F)
Templar attire awarded by King Gliehel following the Second War of Succession during which the Templars contributed greatly. It is reflective of attires worn by Templars during that time.
Due to their nature of pursuing connections among things, Linkers prefer a simple and plain outfit that will remind one of nothing at all. They say they do this so that people will not have a standardized view of Linkers.
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Bear visual effects.
Changes your appearance and effects when equipped.{nl}- Changes Deploy Pavise visual effects.
Outlaw Thug Duds
The garment worn by the newcomers to the underworld.
Outlaw Brigand Outfit
Clothing worn by experienced outlaws.
Outlaw Ruffian Livery
Outfit that shows that the wearer has the respect of fellow Outlaws and lives by the Outlaw Master's rules.
Outlaw Desperado Attire
Formal suit worn by those eligible to attend the meetings held by the Outlaw Master.
Outlaw Thug Duds Special Costume
Outlaw Brigand Outfit Special Costume
Outlaw Ruffian Livery Special Costume
Outlaw Desperado Attire Special Costume
Assassin Lizdas Fledger
This outfit symbolizes that an Assassin is now ready to spread one's wings and leave the nest.
Assassin Lizdas Keeper
Outfit symbolizing that an Assassin is capable enough to protect those in the Assassin's nest and to dispose of invaders that pose a threat against the Assassins.
Assassin Lizdas Vanas
This outfit recognizes the wearer as a fully fledged Assassin with the respect and recognition of their peers.
Assassin Lizdas Prabanga
Assassin Lizdas Phoenix
Outfit awarded to Assassins that have reached a level where they are capable of surviving any arduous mission that they may undertake.
Latte Art: Bunny
Latte Art: Cat
[Re:Build] Deathweaver Cutter (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Deathweaver Tooth (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Deathweaver Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Melinas Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Deathweaver Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Deathweaver Cross Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Vubbe Morning Star (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Vubbe Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Vubbe Boots (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Cheminis Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Chapparition Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Chapparition Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Patrice Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Chapparition Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Chapparition Shooter (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Chapparition Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Silver Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Cheminis Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Mark Tunic (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Mark Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Durandal (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Flamini (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Secretum (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Candle Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Heart Seeker (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Shooting Star (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Escanciu Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Doom Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Laideca (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Brigandine Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Brigandine Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Belnium (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Tily Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Temere (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Sunflower (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Wilding Bane (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Seimos Crossbow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Seimos Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Seimos Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Seimos Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Hunting Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Hunting Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Flame (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Hell and Heaven (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Casti Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Maledoom (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Casti Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Karacha Crossbow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Drake Tail (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Casti Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Magas Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Duelist (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Veteran Tunic (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Veteran Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Pensara Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Pensara Two-Hand Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Pensara Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Power Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Markmen (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Didel Grand Cross (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Pensara Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Pensara Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Pensara Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Spada (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Finisher (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Bandit Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Bandit Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Crossbow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Cannon (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Musket (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Albinosas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Albinosas Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Crossbow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Cannon (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Musket (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Kaulas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Kaulas Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Rod (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Bow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Crossbow (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Spear (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Pike (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Dagger (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Staff (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Cannon (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Raffye Musket (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Jevenellis Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Jevenellis Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Masinios Sword
[Re:Build] Masinios Weapons obtained from the Masinios Weapon Selection Box can only be transcended once, and enchanced using only +11 or +5 Transcendence Vouchers.
[Re:Build] Masinios Two-handed Sword
[Re:Build] Masinios Rod
[Re:Build] Masinios Bow
[Re:Build] Masinios Crossbow
[Re:Build] Masinios Mace
[Re:Build] Masinios Two-handed Mace
[Re:Build] Masinios Shield
[Re:Build] Masinios Spear
[Re:Build] Masinios Pike
[Re:Build] Masinios Dagger
[Re:Build] Masinios Staff
[Re:Build] Masinios Pistol
[Re:Build] Masinios Rapier
[Re:Build] Masinios Cannon
[Re:Build] Masinios Musket
[Re:Build] Stiletto (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Blue Stiletto (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Sketis Dagger (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Short Duelist (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Small Crystaras (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Pajoritas Dagger (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Dagger (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Dagger (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Wooden Buckler (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Round Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Sketis Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Spike Kindl (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Rodeleine Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Pajoritas Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Migantis Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Primus Pevordimas Shield (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Practice Cannon (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Reine Cannon (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Pajoritas Cannon (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Practice Musket (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Small Musket (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Training Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Dunkel Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Sketis Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Duelist Rapier (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Dunkel Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Dunkel Wooden Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Sketis Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Spiare Pistol (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Alcris (30 Days)
[Re:Build] Berthas Pajoritas Pistol (30 Days)
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Sword
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Wastrel itself has no interest in artifacts returned from the past. It's the powerful magic accumulated in its body that attracts old artifacts and even connects them to it.  
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Two-handed Sword
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Ancient artifacts attracted by the Wastrel are known to interact with the monster's peculiar magic. One cannot tell what new kinds of magic may arise from those interactions.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Rod
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}A long time ago, a wizard created a giant lock and key, and with that they produced this weapon. Despite its appearance, however, it's often used as a cane for walking.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Bow
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}All the equipment that disappeared during the accident of Nicopolis has returned in the exact same conditions, without any signs of the time that has passed. 
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Crossbow
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}All Nicopolis equipment has returned to our world in the exact same conditions as when it disappeared, from its basic components down to the coatings of oil, now centuries old.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Mace
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Some wizards of old Nicopolis were secretly opposed to the Kingdom, but in order to feign support, they developed a few weapons that make use of divine power. This is one of such weapons.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Two-handed Mace
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Some of the items attracted by the Wastrel's bodily magic are actually harmful to it. Otherwise, the Wastrel would be even more powerful than it is now.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Shield
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Fortunately for everyone, the Wastrel does not use this shield for protection. However, the shield is said to ease the pain of generating new equipment items.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Spear
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Most items that contain magic gems have negative effects on the Wastrel's body. That can be considered a fortunate occurrence.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Pike
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Of all the items attracted by the Wastrel, some are incorporated physically, while some have only their magic properties absorbed. Physically assimilated objects are thought to be constantly prodding the body of the Wastrel.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Dagger
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}This item is thought to flow in the veins of the Wastrel. Although the monster's blood and circulatory system are very different from that of most living beings, it still seems to cause the Wastrel pain when it passes through certain regions of its body.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Staff
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}In the early days of this weapon, it was common for it to break down into three pieces. Large amounts of magic were used to increase its durability, so much so that, now, it will not break even when it is fused into the Wastrel.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Pistol
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Due to the gap created by Medzio Diena, the Wastrel's living quarters have begun to attract common items found in the present. This means that the Wastrel is not only surrounded by weapons like this pistol, but also by miscellaneous items like worn-out shoes and broken chairs.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Rapier
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Weapons like these with low slashing power can easily end up lodged in the Wastrel's body. Fortunately for the Wastrel, however, they do not cause him pain.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Cannon
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Seeing as so many weapons are absorbed into the Wastrel's body, one would think at least some of them would be deployed inside of it.
[Event] Wastrel Zvaigzde Musket
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}This weapon was not absorbed into the Wastrel's body by traveling through the gap that appeared during Medzio Diena. It is said to have been carried by an adventurer who attempted to defeat the Wastrel.
[Event] Asio Sword
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}This piece of equipment disappeared with the accident of Nicopolis, but it returned to our world around the same time as the Asiomage and the Quipmage.  
[Event] Asio Two-handed Sword
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Quipmage was always interested in expanding his influence. To achieve this, he had plans to recruit mercenaries and provide them with weapons that could surpass the power of those used by the Royal Army.
[Event] Asio Rod
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Asiomage is notably fond of this weapon, as it provides an increase in intelligence. More than a tool, it serves as a sort of mood-boosting toy to the monster. 
[Event] Asio Bow
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Asiomage is carrying out research to improve the equipment originally developed by his other self, the Quipmage. This item, for example, is already more effective than when it first returned to our world.
[Event] Asio Crossbow
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Asiomage is not fond of this weapon. He still remembers being used as a living bullseye in past experiments, particularly for crossbows.
[Event] Asio Mace
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Some scientists complain that the name of this item is arbitrary, as it bears no resemblance to owls whatsoever.
[Event] Asio Two-handed Mace
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}This weapon is said to have been intended for an army of Golem monsters. It is unknown whether the Quipmage or the Asiomage have any memory of that fact.
[Event] Asio Shield
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Unlike other Asio items, this one faithfully represents the style and conventions popular in old Nicopolis before the great accident.
[Event] Asio Spear
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}A spear designed by a wizard. The Quipmage doesn't seem to have thought that the shape of this weapon would pose any problem.
[Event] Asio Pike
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Asiomage is missing crucial memories about his line of equipment, while the Quipmage wonders why he remembers such useless information. This is thought to be the reason why there is still no upgraded version of the Asio Pike. 
[Event] Asio Dagger
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Quipmage intended to use this weapon to assassinate the Pervading Queen and the Teal Specter. All three of these wizards had plans to annihilate the others, each through their own methods.  
[Event] Asio Staff
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Unlike the Asio Rod, the Asio Staff is known to bring down the spirits of the Asiomage. The intelligence boost causes him to relive even more memories of his turbulent past.
[Event] Asio Pistol
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Asiomage is quite proud of this weapon. He began designing his own gunpowder weapons after returning to our world.  
[Event] Asio Rapier
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Although the original designer of this weapon was the Pervading Queen, the Asiomage is the one currently developing it. The Pervading Queen has long lost interest in the production of equipment.
[Event] Asio Cannon
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}The Asiomage was heavily influenced by the excessive scholarly fervor that is typical of wizards, which led him to create unnecessary weapons for no apparent reason.
[Event] Asio Musket
Event item; does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}After returning to our world and learning that many bird species had mutated into monsters, the Asiomage made plans to create his own army of birds to carry this weapon. A rather birdish thought, one might say.
[Kupole] Masinios Sword
[Kupole] Masinios Two-handed Sword
[Kupole] Masinios Rod
[Kupole] Masinios Bow
[Kupole] Masinios Crossbow
[Kupole] Masinios Mace
[Kupole] Masinios Two-handed Mace
[Kupole] Masinios Shield
[Kupole] Masinios Spear
[Kupole] Masinios Pike
[Kupole] Masinios Dagger
[Kupole] Masinios Staff
[Kupole] Masinios Pistol
[Kupole] Masinios Rapier
[Kupole] Masinios Cannon
[Kupole] Masinios Musket
Sword
The most basic equipment. Can be leveled to 170 depending on the user's level.
Two-handed Sword
Bow
Crossbow
Spear
Two-handed Spear
Dagger
Pistol
Two-handed Mace
NA_Shirt
Giltine Incense Burner
A balloon created to look like the incense burners used by Giltine's followers for making wishes.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Small Giltine Wings
A pair of wings made to look like they belong to a child Giltine.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Small Giltine Doll
[Premium] Doll
A doll owned by Giltine as a child.{nl}Some absurd rumors claim Giltine became a demon after losing her precious doll.{nl}The toy is influenced by the energy of its owner, and is known to mimic their movements.{nl}The doll mimics basic attack, sub attack and premium movements, with special gestures for rest and personal shop modes.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Savelock
[Outlaw Special Costume]
A bracelet symbolizing the act of thievery on the surface. It is actually named after the greatest Outlaw Master in the Kingdom's history. 
Dragoon Helmet
Display's Giltine's thorns on the ground every time you jump.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Kedoran Cheminis Sword
The recipe for this sword was created a long time ago when an Alchemist of the Winterspoon family claimed that he could craft a better sword than a blacksmith.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Chapparition Two-handed Sword
The size of the enemy does not matter when a weapon is forged with one's heart and soul. You can expect this weapon to deal greater damage to bigger foes.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Chapparition Rod
You cannot draw strength from a wandering soul. But upon success, you can use it to create an item that draws the user's inner strength.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Patrice Staff
Death was already imminent within the rapid growth behind the explosive increase of plants. It draws as near as life force is used for rapid growth and magic gained from ferns has the same effect on plants.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Chapparition Bow
The bow's power is drawn from the wrath the vengeful spirits have against all of the living.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Chapparition Shooter
This item lets you deal ungodly amounts of damage against beasts.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Chapparition Mace
Results have shown that this item is powerful against Mutant-type monsters. However, nobody knows why.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Silver Spear
It displays great power against demons, but this is mostly because of its alchemical and magical properties rather than its divine attributes.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran CheminisPike
Alchemically crafted weapons are being re-evaluated and are trending with the resurgence of monsters.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Dunkel Rapier
Allows you to attack over long distances.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Kris Dagger
The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Two-handed Battle Maul
Many priests, wizards and warriors use this personally as an advantage in battle. Although, this weapon is not officially supported by the Royal Army.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Dunkel Wooden Pistol
A pistol made of wood. It may not look convincing, but it certainly is affordable.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Cannon
Kedoran Musket
Useful when having a free hand is more important than having more attack power.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Round Shield
With advancements in battle techniques, the weight of a shield has become a secondary consideration. This shield design is heavily influenced by this trend.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Acolyte Robe
This is a by-product of the period in history when wizards and priests did not coexist peacefully. Because of Maven, those troubles disappeared, but the craft manual is being still used in many areas.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Acolyte Pants
Kedoran Acolyte Boots
Kedoran Acolyte Gloves
Kedoran Mark Tunic
Even just a century ago, this was used only in the Kingdom's southern region. It is becoming more common in other areas nowadays.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Mark Pants
Kedoran Mark Boots
Kedoran Mark Gloves
Kedoran Scale Mail
Some monster ingredients can be turned into different materials by being heat treated. The comfortable Veris Boots use such methods.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Scale Leggings
One of the benefits of Medzio Diena is that crafters have found ways to reuse monster remains for stronger armor.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Scale Boots
Many choose these boots for their magic evasion rather than their defense.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Scale Gloves
They are believed to provide great camouflage and have agile, evasive properties.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Durandal
Many adventurers name their best sword after this weapon. This was the name of the sword wielded by an ancient warrior chosen by a goddess.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Flamini
A good sword that has long been regarded as a necessity when facing demons.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Secretum
A weapon made for wizards and only wizards. Thus, wizards usually ignore the flaws of this staff.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Candle Staff
The fire at the tip may go out, but it won't be due to it running out of fuel.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Heart Seeker
For an unknown reason the spell bound to this bow has become a curse to both the foe and the user. Regardless, the bow is still used by archers for its merits.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Shooting Star
In the past, only archers who completed training in the Astral Tower could use this weapon.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Escanciu Mace
Recipes for maces have been passed through time without being lost. The main reason behind this is because there is a strong atmosphere considering anything related to the legends of Maven amongst priests. Thanks to that atmosphere, there were records of Flurry's recipe allowing it to utilized.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Doom Spear
A powerful spear devised to pierce through the target's armor.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Laideca
Even if your assessment is on the line, you can't deny that Ruklys was a great warrior. This spear created during the civil war has many uses.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Sketis Rapier
The Sketis line of equipment is said to have been designed during the reign of King Themomel.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Main Gauche
Used as a support weapon but very capable of defending or deflecting enemy attacks.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Two-handed Rune Mace
Don't worry about damaging the engraved runes, just give it your all with your strikes and hits.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Sketis Pistol
A pistol made of wood. The interior is lined in metal for additional power and stability.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Critti Cannon
Kedoran Finisher
With this, you can put your target's miserable life to an end.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Scallop Shield
Don't think this item is poor just because of its form. It possesses strong durability and a good appearance that distinguishes it from other weapons.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Superior Grima Robe
Since the pattern was adopted from a tribal society outside the kingdom, this equipment shows the improvements as time passed by.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Superior Grima Pants
Kedoran Superior Grima Boots
Superior Grima Gloves
Kedroan Hard Veris Tunic
One theory suggests that the Vubbes found this recipe before humans did. Very light, but also very hard.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Hard Veris Pants
Since Medzio Diena, many items crafted from new materials, like these pants, have been replacing traditional ones.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Hard Veris Boots
Some Gribas can sense the scent of their kind from these boots.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Hard Veris Gloves
Equipment made from monster ingredients are said to be tougher, though there is no evidence that supports this claim.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Full Plate Armor
Under the stabilized royal regime, the Metal Plate armor has developed with various reasons even when there weren't any large scale wars going on. The requests of the aristocrats who didn't forget the importance of military training were accepted many times and as a result, the shape of this item was formed.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Full Plate Leggings
Kedoran Full Plate Greaves
Kedoran Full Plate Gauntlets
Kedoran Velniup
People will even go so far as to say that this weapon is overly cruel.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Tilly Two-handed Sword
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Temere
This rod's nickname is 'The Staff of Patience.' Legends say that Agailla Flurry, the greatest wizard in history, devised this rod to train her apprentices.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Sunflower
In the recipe for this weapon, instructions are written on how to obtain help from Goddesses Saule and Gabija during the crafting process.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Wildling Bane
Prior to Medzio Diena, hunters rarely used this bow. It might sound strange, but the bow would cause excessive damage to the prey.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Seimos Crossbow
Because monster bones are sometimes cursed, a seal is attached to this weapon.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Seimos Mace
Since the emergence of monsters, many maces underwent exterior changes.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Seimos Spear
A modified one-handed Espontoon spear.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Seimos Pike
Originally popular in the remote territories of the kingdom, the spear has become widely produced after the Civil War.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Dualist Rapier
The sharp blade allows you to pierce through enemies with ease. It can also be used to attack with Pommel Attack and Cross Guard.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Chura
Kedoran Krendall Two-handed Mace
Despite appearing heavy, this mace is made from a light ore that allows for easy handling regardless of muscular strength.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Spiare Pistol
Bullets are reloaded by turning the large cylinder. The rotating parts can sometimes malfunction, but that doesn't interfere with the use of the pistol.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Reine Cannon
Weapon of choice for those who have just moved on from their training cannon. Unfortunately, here extravagance does not correlate with performance.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Crystaras Musket
This item was designed as a remodeled version of a training musket. Rather than performance, however, the focus of the design was on ornamentation. The intention was to mimic the appearance of Lolopanther, although it doesn't possess the same splendor.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Fedimian Shield
In the past, there were many shields crafted by Fedimians. Since Medzio Diena, a variety of them has made a surprising comeback.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Fedimian Robe
The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Fedimian Pants
Kedoran Fedimian Boots
Kedoran Fedimian Gloves
Kedoran Fedimian Leather Armor
Kedoran Fedimian Leather Pants
Kedoran Fedimian Leather Boots
Kedoran Fedimian Leather Gloves
Kedoran Fedimian Armor
Kedoran Fedimian Leggings
Kedoran Fedimian Greaves
Kedoran Fedimian Gauntlets
Kedoran Flame
According to a theory, this sword is also used in conflicts amongst the demons.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Hell and Heaven
There's a saying that claims that 'offense is the best defense.' Prove it with this weapon.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Casti Rod
A magical rune is used to amplify the power of this rod.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Maledoom
A group of wizards succeeded in crafting a powerful Maledoom while they were developing a crafting process for Maledic.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Casti Bow
A bow preferred by the cavalry.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Karacha Crossbow
A weapon that is easy to reload.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Drake Tail
It is said that the inventor of this weapon lived long before the founding period of the kingdom. It is incredible that its recipe has survived to this date.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Casti Spear
Kedoran Magas Pike
Kedoran Duelist
This equipment will help you in battle.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Superior Dirk Dagger
Kedoran Reine Two-handed Mace
This mace was created by the kingdom's finest blacksmiths and craftsmen, and displays unparalleled grace and performance in combat.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Alcris
Portable and convenient, but deals sure damage to any foe.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pajoritas Cannon
Don't judge a weapon by its weight. This cannon will be your best friend.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pajoritas Musket
Originally, this musket wasn't related to other Pajoritas equipment, until it was given the Pajoritas name by an unknown maker. It has since been further developed, confirming that the Pajoritas name did have a positive influence on its design and performance.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Wall Guard
Its weight limits the wearer's actions, but this is more than compensated by its efficacy and defensive capabilities.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Roxona Robe
The city went to ground after Ruklys' civil war near the Roxona, the recipe crafted at that time was still alive. These recipes have passed on and survived for many years through not only Kadumel but also other eras.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Roxona Pants
Kedoran Roxona Boots
Kedoran Roxona Gloves
Kedoran Roxona Leather Armor
Some people say this weapon is directly related to Ruklys, but that's not a fact. However, it's certain that the master craftsman of Roxona was the first founder of it before the city was petrified.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Roxona Leather Pants
Kedoran Roxona Leather Boots
Kedoran Roxona Leather Gloves
Kedoran Roxona Plate Armor
Some people think about the disaster that encountered Roxona, it would be great if these weapons have an immunity against the petrification. Although, sorry for the Petrified City of Roxona, it's surely that this weapon is better than the other side.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Roxona Plate Pants
Kedoran Roxona Plate Boots
Kedoran Roxona Plate Gauntlets
Kedora Pensara Sword
The blade's large crescent edge cuts with immense power.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pensara Two-handed Sword
The unusual fan-shaped blade offers the potential to amplify its power and versatility to be adapted in many techniques.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedora Pensara Rod
Kedoran Power Staff
You can face foes without magic with this staff.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Marksman
This bow requires a lot more strength from the user than expected. The view of the arrow in flight will leave a sense of satisfaction.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Didel Grand Cross
Even the Quarrel Shooter Master himself could not obtain this bow until recently.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pensara Mace
Kedoran Pensara Spear
Kedoran Pensara Pike
Kedoran Spada
A rapier crafted by a lost recipe restored after Medzio Diena through the efforts of many blacksmiths. It performs admirably despite not being a complete restoration.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pajoritas Dagger
Be careful of the spirit imbued in this weapon. It might harm you.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pajoritas Two-handed Mace
Unlike other Pajoritas equipment, this mace is said to have originated after Medzio Diena.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Pajoritas Pistol
The inscription in this pistol reads, "Please don't blow on the muzzle after firing this pistol."{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Erera Cannon
Kedoran Migantis Musket
There is a peculiar magic flowing through this musket, but no known way to awaken it; it is, for now, a dormant musket.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Didel Tower Shield
The greatest strength of the Tower Shield is that it covers more than other shields despite it being difficult to use due to its weight.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Virtov Robe
From long time ago, many wizards bought this equipment when they accumulated enough money. This equipment fulfills the needs of performance as well as the needs of design.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Virtov Pants
Kedoran Virtov Boots
Kedoran Virtov Gloves
Kedoran Virtov Leather Robes
This equipment possesses more privacy than it looks. Also, the light reflection is weak in the night time so the scouts have used this equipment often.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Virtov Leather Pants
Kedoran Virtov Leather Boots
Kedoran Virtov Leather Gloves
Kedoran Virtov Plate Robes
The pattern of the foot soldiers that was adopted from the beginning of the Kingdom has continued until now. At times in the past, the soldiers wore this and aligned in front of the 3-layer castle walls.{nl}The Kedora Merchant Alliance has made many preparations for Saviors over the years. This is one of the items that was prepared by them for your arrival.
Kedoran Virtov Plate Pants
Kedoran Virtov Plate Boots
Kedoran Virtov Plate Gloves
Restores 273 HP immediately and additionally restores 273 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 462 HP immediately and additionally restores 462 HP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 924 HP immediately and additionally restores 924 HP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 84 SP immediately and additionally restores 84 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 147 SP immediately and additionally restores 147 SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 287 SP immediately and additionally restores 287 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 30 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 40 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Class EXP Recovery Card (1st)
Increases your character's Class Level to 15. Right-click to use.
Class EXP Recovery Card (2nd)
Increases your character's Class Level to 45. Right-click to use.
Class EXP Recovery Card (3rd)
Class EXP Recovery Card (4th)
No Function
Increases physical critical damage by 24 for 1 minute. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Physical Critical Damage Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 80 for 120 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Class EXP Recovery Card (Last)
Increases your character's remaining Class Level.{nl}Right-click to use.
Restores 1470 HP immediately and additionally restores 1470 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. 
Restores 2205 HP immediately and additionally restores 2205 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. 
Restores 490 SP immediately and additionally restores 490 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. 
Restores 735 SP immediately and additionally restores 735 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. 
Increases physical critical damage by 150 for 1 minute. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 120 seconds.
Right-click to use. You can select one item from the following.{nl}-Red Vampire Costume (Male) / Red Vampire Costume (Female).{nl}Can be used only during the event period.
[GTW Event] Small Elixir of HP Recovery 
Instantly restores 20% of max. HP. Additionally restores 20% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW Event] Small Elixir of SP Recovery 
Instantly restores 20% of max. SP. Additionally restores 20% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW Event] Lv 15 Condensed HP Potion
Instantly restores 2765 HP. Additionally restores 2765 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW Event] Lv 15 Condensed SP Potion
Instantly restores 918 HP. Additionally restores 918 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW Event] Urgent Repair Kit
Recovers the durability of currently-equipped items by +5.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW Event] Lv 15 Condensed Movement Speed Potion
Increases movement speed +3 for 250 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Instantly restores 20% of max. HP. Additionally restores 20% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Instantly restores 20% of max. SP. Additionally restores 20% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Instantly restores 2765 HP. Additionally restores 2765 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Instantly restores 918 HP. Additionally restores 918 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Recovers the durability of currently-equipped items by +5.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Increases movement speed +3 for 250 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 30 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Kupole] Masinios Weapon Selection Box
Use to obtain a weapon of your choice.
[Kupole] EXP Booster Card
Increases the EXP of your character by 2,047,516,611. Right-click to use.
[Kupole] Asio Weapon Selection Box
[Kupole] 350 Necklace Selection Box
[Kupole] 350 Bracelet Selection Box
[Kupole] Legend Card Selection Box
Use to obtain a card of your choice.
[Event] Small Elixir of HP Recovery 
Instantly restores 20% of max. HP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 20% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Small Elixir of SP Recovery 
Instantly restores 20% of max. SP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 20% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Lv 15 Condensed Stamina Pill
Restores 78 Stamina. Right-click to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Urgent Repair Kit
Recovers the durability of currently-equipped items by +5.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Warp Scroll - Kupole Kaze
An event warp scroll. Use it to move to Kupole Kaze in Vedas Plateau.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Title - Brushed Against Boruta
A title box given to Saviors who fought Boruta the dragon in Sulivinas Lair 5 times or more.{nl}Use to receive the title [Brushed Against Boruta].{nl}You must be Lv 360 or higher to use this item.
[Event] Title - Fearless Against Boruta
A title box given to Saviors who fought Boruta the dragon in Sulivinas Lair 10 times or more.{nl}Use to receive the title [Fearless Against Boruta].{nl}You must be Lv 360 or higher to use this item.
Restores 1267 HP immediately and additionally restores 1267 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1382 HP immediately and additionally restores 1382 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1497 HP immediately and additionally restores 1497 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1613 HP immediately and additionally restores 1613 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1728 HP immediately and additionally restores 1728 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1883 HP immediately and additionally restores 1883 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 2415 HP immediately and additionally restores 2415 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 2947 HP immediately and additionally restores 2947 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 3353 HP immediately and additionally restores 3353 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 4018 HP immediately and additionally restores 4018 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 4284 HP immediately and additionally restores 4284 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 4949 HP immediately and additionally restores 4949 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 5215 HP immediately and additionally restores 5215 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 5614 HP immediately and additionally restores 5614 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 420 SP immediately and additionally restores 420 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 456 SP immediately and additionally restores 456 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 498 SP immediately and additionally restores 498 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 534 SP immediately and additionally restores 534 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 576 SP immediately and additionally restores 576 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 612 SP immediately and additionally restores 612 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 648 SP immediately and additionally restores 648 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 690 SP immediately and additionally restores 690 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 784 SP immediately and additionally restores 784 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 924 SP immediately and additionally restores 924 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 987 SP immediately and additionally restores 987 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1134 SP immediately and additionally restores 1134 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1197 SP immediately and additionally restores 1197 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 1288 SP immediately and additionally restores 1288 SP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 52 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 54 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 56 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 58 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 60 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 62 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 64 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 66 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 68 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 70 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 72 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 74 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 76 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Restores 78 Stamina. Right-click to use.
Lv1 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 32 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv2 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 44 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv3 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 56 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv4 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 68 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv5 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 80 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv6 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 92 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv7 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 104 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv8 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 116 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv9 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 128 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv10 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 140 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv11 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 152 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds
Lv12 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 164 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv13 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 176 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv14 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 188 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv15 Physical Critical Attack Potion
Increases your physical critical attack by 200 for 180 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv1 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +10 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv2 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +14 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv3 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +18 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv4 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +22 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv5 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +26 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv6 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +30 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv7 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +34 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv8 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +38 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv9 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +42 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv10 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +46 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv11 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +50 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv12 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +54 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv13 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +58 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv14 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +62 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Lv15 Magic Critical Attack Potion
Increases your magic critical attack by +66 for 180 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Ore Collection
NA
NA
A collection where you can register your items.{nl}You can register an item by right-clicking it.
Flower Collection
Bone Collection
Crystal Collection
Mausoleum Collection
Cockatrice Collection
Demon Collection
Tenet Church Collection
Ghost Collection
Lv1 Card Collection
Lv2 Card Collection
Lv3 Card Collection
Lv4 Card Collection
Necklace of the Five Sins Collection
A collection of five necklaces. Each necklace is inscribed with one of the five topics of a pilgrim's path. Made by Maven, the founder of the Great Cathedral.{nl}Right-click to add it to the Collection window through the Magic Association NPC.
Revelation: Opposing Piece Collection
A collection of the conflict between demons and goddesses in Goddess Laima's Revelation.{nl}Right-click to add it to the Collection window through the Magic Association NPC.
Revelation: Inside Piece Collection
A collection of one of the world's hidden secrets in Goddess Laima's Revelation.{nl}Right-click to add it to the Collection window through the Magic Association NPC.
Collection: West Siauliai Woods
Collection: East Siauliai Woods
Collection: Miners' Village
Collection: Crystal Mine 1F
Collection: Crystal Mine 2F
Collection: Crystal Mine 3F
Collection: Srautas Gorge
Collection: Gele Plateau
Collection: Nefritas Cliff
Collection: Tenet Garden
Collection: Veja Ravine
Collection: Vieta Gorge
Collection: Cobalt Forest
Collection: Septyni Glen
Collection: Tenet Church B1
Collection: Tenet Church 1F
Collection: Tenet Church 2F
Collection: Gate Route
Collection: Sirdgela Forest
Collection: Kvailas Forest
Collection: Guards Graveyard
Collection: Gateway of the Great King
Collection: Ramstis Ridge
Collection: Overlong Bridge Valley
Collection: Akmens Ridge
Collection: Tiltas Valley
Collection: Gytis Settlement Area
Collection: Royal Mausoleum Workers Lodge
Collection: Royal Mausoleum Constructors' Chapel
Collection: Royal Mausoleum Storage
Collection: Rukas Plateau
Collection: King's Plateau
Collection: Zachariel Crossroads
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 1F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 2F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 3F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 4F
Collection: Royal Mausoleum 5F
Collection: Baron Allerno 
Collection: Myrkiti Farm
Collection: Aqueduct Bridge Area
Collection: Tenants' Farm
Collection: Stele Road
Collection: Goddess' Ancient Garden
Collection: Escanciu Village
Collection: Fedimian Suburbs
Collection: Crystal Mine Lot 2 - 1F
Collection: Crystal Mine Lot 2 - 2F
Collection: Entrance of Kateen Forest
Collection: Owl Burial Ground
Collection: Poslinkis Forest
Collection: Saknis Plains
Collection: Mage Tower 1F
Collection: Mage Tower 2F
Collection: Mage Tower 3F
Collection: Mage Tower 4F
Collection: Mage Tower 5F
Collection: Dvasia Peak
Collection: Sunset Flag Forest
Collection: Starving Demon's Way
Collection: Pilgrim Path
Collection: Altar Way
Collection: Forest of Prayer
Collection: Apsimesti Crossroads
Collection: Residence of the Fallen Legwyn Family
Collection: Main Building
Collection: Grand Corridor
Collection: Penitence Route
Collection: Sanctuary
Collection: Greene Manor
Collection: Shaton Farm
Collection: Shaton Reservoir
Collection: Demon Prison District 1
Collection: Demon Prison District 2
Collection: Demon Prison District 3
Collection: Demon Prison District 4
Collection: Demon Prison District 5
Collection: Dina Bee Farm
Collection: Vilna Forest
Collection: Uskis Arable Land
Collection: Spring Light Woods
Collection: 2nd Demon Prison
Collection: Nuoridin Falls
Collection: Namu Temple Ruins
Collection: Istora Ruins
Collection: Glade Hillroad
Collection: Viltis Forest
Collection: Laukyme Swamp
Collection: Tyla Monastery
Collection: Roxona Reconstruction Agency West Building
Collection: Roxona Reconstruction Agency East Building
Collection: Verkti Square
Collection: Roxona Marketplace
Collection: Ruklys Street
Collection: Downtown
Collection: Inner Enceinte District
Collection: Mokusul Chamber
Collection: Underground Grave of Ritinis
Collection: Videntis Shrine
Collection: Valius' Eternal Resting Place
Collection: Lemprasa Pond
Collection: Woods of the Linked Bridges
Collection: Paupys Crossing
Collection: Ashaq Underground Prison 1F
Collection: Ashaq Underground Prison 2F
Collection: Ashaq Underground Prison 3F
Collection: Koru Jungle
Collection: Knidos Jungle
Collection: Dadan Jungle
Collection: Nevellet Quarry 1F
Collection: Nevellet Quarry 2F
Collection: Novaha Assembly Hall
Collection: Novaha Annex
Collection: Novaha Institute
Collection: Karolis Springs
Collection: Letas Stream
Collection: Pelke Shrine Ruins
Collection: Absenta Reservoir
Collection: Sienakal Graveyard
Collection: Carlyle's Mausoleum
Collection: Delmore Hamlet
Collection: Delmore Manor
Collection: Delmore Outskirts
Collection: Feretory Hills
Collection: Mochia Forest
Collection: Sutatis Trade Route
Collection: Topes Fortress 1F
Collection: Topes Fortress 2F
Collection: Bellai Rainforest
Collection: Zeraha
Collection: Seir Rainforest
Collection: Galeed Plateau
Collection: Fasika Plateau
Collection: Manahas
Collection: Genar Field
Collection: Sicarius 1F
Collection: Sicarius 2F
Collection: What Is Falchion
Collection: Bug Hater
Collection: Love of Foreign Lands
Collection: Beginner Weapons
Collection: Beginner Armor
Collection: Coastal Fortress
Collection: Dingofasil
Collection: Vedas Plateau
Collection: Mesafasla
Collection: Stogas Plateau
Collection: Nahash Forest
Collection: Vera Coast
Collection: Elgos Monastery Annex
Collection: Elgos Monastery Main Building
Collection: Alemeth Forest
Collection: Barha Forest
Collection: Cranto Coast
Collection: Igti Coast
Collection: Ibre Plateau
Collection: Grand Yard Mesa
Collection: Sventimas Exile
Collection: Kadumel Cliff
Collection: Steel Heights
Collection: Grynas Trails
Collection: Grynas Training Camp
Collection: Grynas Hills
Collection: Nheto Forest
Collection: Svalphinghas Forest
Collection: Lhadar Forest
Collection: Timerys Temple
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 1
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 2
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 3
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 4
Collection: Tevhrin Stalactite Cave Section 5
Collection: City Wall District 8
Collection: Jeromel Park
Collection: Jonael Memorial
Collection: Taniel I Memorial
Collection: Kule Peak
Collection: Arcus Forest
Collection: Phamer Forest
Collection: Ziburynas Forest
Collection: Mollogheo Forest
Collection: Zima Suecourt
Collection: Emmet Forest
Collection: Pystis Forest
Collection: Syla Forest
Collection: Alembique Cave
Collection: Nobreer Forest
Collection: Yudejan Forest
Collection: Token of the Demon Treaty
Collection: Pasleptas
Collection: Coasts
Collection: Fantasy Library
Collection: Narvas Temple
Collection: Lanko Waters
Collection: Sage Master's Bookmark
Collection: Explorer Finds
Collection: Little Dexter's Gift
Collection Exclusive Items
A red bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
An orange bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
A yellow bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
A green bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
A blue bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
An indigo bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
A violet bookmark given by the Sage Master. It emits a faint but interesting energy. Collection item.
A piece of shiny silver-like mineral. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
In the early days of the Kingdom, this precious ore could not be mined without the blessing of a goddess. Nowadays, it's not that difficult. This piece is small enough to fit in a box. Collection item.
Fragment of a green stone. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
This stone is a mix of many colors. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Though red like a ruby stone, this mineral isn't as scarce. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Fragment of a black translucent stone. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
A green precious stone, known in legends to protect humans from evil spirits. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
Fragment of a brown precious stone. It's too small to be used in crafting, but it fits just right in a modest treasure box. Collection item.
A handful of common weeds brought by Dexter the cat. From the teeth marks, he seems to have ripped them off with his mouth. Collection item.
A mallet brought by Dexter the cat. It looks like it was used for a long time. Where in the goddesses' realm did Dexter get this?
A small fish brought by Dexter the cat. It must have been caught just now, it's still jumping about. Does Dexter go fishing? Collection item.
A rusty screw brought by Dexter the cat. It's pretty rusty all over. Dexter's owner should be worried that his cat was carrying this in his mouth. Collection item.
An unripe apple brought by Dexter the cat. It's going to be a couple of days until it's good to eat. Collection item.
Torn pieces of wood brought by Dexter the cat. They are quite small, enough to be carried by Dexter with his mouth. Collection item.
A knife brought by Dexter the cat. It looks worn out and unkempt. Someone should really teach Dexter not to bring home such dangerous things. Collection item.
A Dimensional Search Scroll given by Kupole Rugile. Use it to check the dimensional crack that is being invaded by the demons. Collection item.
A crystallized fragment of a distorted dimension. It radiates light in many different colors. Collection item.
A core containing demonic energy. Kupole Danute used this with the Dimensional Essence to create protection crystals. Collection item.
A source of magic used to charge the Flicid Collapsing Device. Collection item.
A glowing tool dropped by a Carapace. The beads embedded in the center are shining with bright blue light. Collection item.
A match, the kind provided by supply soldiers. Used for various purposes. Collection item.
This arrow was found in a demon that fought Leonardas in a fierce battle. Collection item.
Leaves that grow from Lily Velly and Jelly Vellymonsters. They look moist, as if they were just watered. Collection item.
It looks like it was just cut off, but at the same time it's wet with water from the lake and it emits a mysterious energy. Collection item.
A water bottle, like those distributed by supply soldiers. It looks rusty in some places, so it probably doesn't belong to Leonardas. Collection item.
Monster Gem Selection Box: Swordsman
Right-click to use the box and select one of the following Swordsman tree gems.{nl} {nl}Available Gems:{nl} - Boowook Gem{nl}  (Bear Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Vikaras Mage Gem{nl}  (Hard Shield Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Infroburk Gem{nl}  (Sharp Spear Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Green Corpse Flower Gem{nl}  (Dragon Fear Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Bite Gem{nl}  (Advanced Orders Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Cronewt Gem{nl}  (Flying Colors Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Wendigo Searcher Gem{nl}  (Helm Chopper Lv +1)
Monster Gem Selection Box: Archer
Right-click to use the box and select one of the following Archer tree gems.{nl} {nl}Available Gems:{nl} - Zinutekas Gem{nl}  (Concentration Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Varv Gem{nl}  (Howling Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Red Meduja Gem{nl}  (Block and Shoot Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Ducky Gem{nl}  (Spring Trap Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Mine Fire Mage Gem{nl}  (Leghold Trap Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Red Infro Hoglan Gem{nl}  (Insurance +1){nl} {nl} - Bat Gem{nl}  (Tomahawk Lv +1)
Monster Gem Selection Box: Wizard
Right-click to use the box and select one of the following Wizard tree gems.{nl} {nl}Available Gems:{nl} - Lemur Gem{nl}  (Prominence Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Goblin Charger Gem{nl}  (Sprinkle HP Potion Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Denden Gem{nl}  (Sprinkle SP Potion Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Corrupt Velfiggy Gem{nl}  (Time Forward Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Shredded Gem{nl}  (Raise Skull Mage Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Banshee Gem{nl}  (Fire Claw Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Tini Magician Gem{nl}  (Elemental Essence Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Wendigo Magician Gem{nl}  (Rune of Rock Lv +1)
Monster Gem Selection Box: Cleric
Right-click to use the box and select one of the following Cleric tree gems.{nl} {nl}Available Gems:{nl} - Tini Archer Gem{nl}  (Binatio Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Wendigo Archer Gem{nl}  (Paraclitus Time Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Lichenclops Gem{nl}  (Visible Talent Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Deadborn Scap Archer Gem{nl}  (Omikuji Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Chupacabra Gem{nl}  (Smite Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Earth Hallowventer Gem{nl}  (Stone Skin Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Hohen Mage Gem{nl}  (Divine Might Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Goblin Magician Gem{nl}  (Modafinil Lv +1){nl} {nl} - Infrorocktor Gem{nl}  (Turn Undead Lv +1)
Monster Gem Selection Box: Scout
Right-click to obtain a Scout class tree Monster Gem of your choice.{nl} {nl}Monster Gem List{nl} - Truffle Gem{nl} (Dagger Slash skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Rubblem Gem{nl} (Oblique Fire skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Zolem Gem{nl} (Double Attack skill level +1){nl} {nl} - High Vubbe Archer Gem{nl} (Free Step skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Red Zigri Gem{nl} (Behead skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Nuo Gem{nl} (Instant Acceleration skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Socket Mage Gem{nl} (Blindfire skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Black Ridimed Gem{nl} (Bully skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Pokubu Gem{nl} (Rampage skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Tontulia Gem{nl} (Raiton no Jutsu skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Shaman Doll Gem{nl} (Swell Hands skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Hogma Shaman Gem{nl} (Enchant Glove skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Corylus Gem{nl} (Knife Throwing skill level +1){nl} {nl} - Siaulamb Lagoon Gem{nl} (Quicken skill level +1)
Monster Gem Selection Box
Right-click to use and select one of the following class tree-specific Monster Gem Boxes.{nl} {nl} - Monster Gem Selection Box: Cleric{nl} - Monster Gem Selection Box: Wizard{nl} - Monster Gem Selection Box: Archer{nl} - Monster Gem Selection Box: Scout{nl} - Monster Gem Selection Box: Swordsman
A cube obtained from the Bokor Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Fasika Plateau, Galeed Plateau. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from Merrisa. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Manahas, Genar Field. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from Priest Daram. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Grand Corridor, Main Chamber. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from the Hackapell Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Istora Ruins, Nuoridin Falls. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from the Warlock Master. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Mokusul Chamber, Videntis Shrine, Underground Grave of Ritinis. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from Lucienne Winterspoon. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Nahash Forest, Vera Coast. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from Villager Duncan. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Elgos Monastery Annex, Elgos Monastery Main Building. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from Gatre. It contains an item from one of the following collections: Barha Forest, Alemeth Forest. Right-click to open.
A cube obtained from Soldier Heulen. It contains an item from the following collection: Ibre Plateau. Right-click to open.
(Old) Velcoffer Cube
Ignas Raid Cube
Spirit Fragment: Ignas
Collect 50 spirit fragments and use to obtain either a recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
Shining Boruta Cube
A prize awarded to the guild that most contributed towards defeating Boruta. Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.
Boruta Cube
A prize awarded to the player that most contributed towards defeating Boruta. Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.
Boruta's Pouch
A pouch that can be traded with the medal of honor awarded to those who have contributed to defeating Boruta. Contains an unknown object. Right-click to use.
[Event] Transcendence Stage 5 Scroll (90 Days)
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 5. Right-click to use.
[Re:Build] 100% Ichor Extraction Kit
[Re:Build] Ichor Extraction Kit that can be used during the Re:Build adjustment period.{nl} - Item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Event] Transcendence Stage 5 Scroll
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 5.{nl}Can only be used in items transcended to Stages 0 to 4. Right-click the scroll, then select the item to transcend.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] 100% Ichor Extraction Kit: Random Stat
[Re:Build] Ichor Extraction Kit that can be used during the Rebuild adjustment period.{nl}It can only be used on items with random stats.{nl} - Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] 100% Ichor Extraction Kit: Craft
[Re:Build] Ichor Extraction Kit that can be used during the Rebuild adjustment period.{nl}It can only be used on craftable Unique grade items.{nl} - Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 6 seconds after using any type of SP potion
[Card Equip Effect] Physical Critical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*20]
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Critical Attack +[{img star_mark 20 20}*10]
[Card Equip Effect] Magic Damage +[{img star_mark 20 20}]% for 6 seconds after using any type of SP potion
Ignas Card
[Card Equip Effect] [{img star_mark 20 20}*5]% chance per critical attack of entering stealth state for 6 seconds
[Grimoire Equip Effect] Summons Ignas when using Summoning
Boruta Card
[Card Equip Effect] Increases damage against Boss monsters by [{img star_mark 20 20}*5]% 
Ripped pages of a book. Collect them and wait for something good to happen.
GTW Coin [Event]
A coin commemorating a victory in the Guild Territory Wars.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the testing period.
Hasisas Potion
A special skill potion. Drink it to temporarily increase your body's abilities.
Magic Stone
A rare ingredient used in crafting high-grade equipment and enhancing Seals.
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can only be used by the Falconer class.
White Guinea Pig Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill. 
Octopus
High-quality bait used for fishing. Reacts to fish containing collection materials.{nl} {nl}List of Collections{nl} - Lemprasa Pond{nl} - Woods of the Linked Bridges{nl} - Paupys Crossing{nl} - Ashaq Underground Prison{nl} - Koru Jungle{nl} - Knidos Jungle{nl} - Dadan Jungle{nl} - Nevellet Quarry{nl} - Novaha Region{nl} - Monster Specimen Set{nl} - West Siauliai Woods{nl} - East Siauliai Woods{nl} - Miners' Village{nl} - Crystal Mine{nl} - Srautas Gorge{nl} - Gele Plateau{nl} - Nefritas Cliff{nl} - Tenet Garden{nl} - Veja Ravine{nl} - Vieta Gorge{nl} - Cobalt Forest{nl} - Septyni Glen{nl} - Tenet Church
A candy only available during the Halloween season. When used, increases all stats by 5. Right-click to use. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event.
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
[Re:Build] Goddess Sculpture
Install this statue to receive the Goddess' Blessing for five minutes.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] 5-Star Gem Abrasive
Used to enhance gems. Amplifies the EXP of gems.{nl}Gem EXP Gain: 14700{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
[Re:Build] Instanced Dungeon One Entry Voucher
Use it to enter an instanced dungeon one more time.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Instanced Dungeon Reset Voucher
Use this to reset the instance entry restrictions for instanced dungeons and mercenary missions.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 15)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 15 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 40)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 40 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 50)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 50 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 75)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 75 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 85)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 85 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 100)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 100 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 120)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 120 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 140)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 140 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 170)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 170 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 180)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 180 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 200)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 200 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 220)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 220 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 230)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 230 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 270)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 270 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 300)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 300 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 330)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 330 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Shining Golden Anvil
Can only be used on equipment with 1 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure. Does not require a silver fee for enhancement. When you fail at an enhancement level of +12 or higher, it will reduce to +10.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Miracle Seeds
Use to grow a sprout containing all the grace of the goddesses.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 350)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 350 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Daily Attribute Points Box
Right-click to use. Grants 500 Attribute Points every day during the event period.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Title - Ultimate Savior
Contains a title awarded for participating in Uska's event. This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Title - Receiver of the Revelations
[Re:Build] Booster Pack (Lv 380)
Right-click to use. Your character must be level 380 or above to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Attribute Points: 1,000
Event item. Grants 1000 Attribute Points. Right-click to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Attribute Points: 10,000 (14 Days)
Event item.{nl}Grants 10,000 Attribute Points. Right-click to use. 
Character Slot Voucher
Event item. Adds one character slot to your Lodge. Right-click to use.
[Re:Build] Masinios Weapon +11 Enhancement Voucher
Event item. Allows you to enhance a [Re:Build] Masinios weapon to +11 at Knight Commander Uska in the city of Klaipeda.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Masinios Weapon +5 Transcendence Voucher
Event item. Allows you to transcend a [Re:Build] Masinios weapon to Stage 5 at Knight Commander Uska in the city of Klaipeda.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
N/A
N/A
Can be traded for equipment Can be exchanged for an equipment item at a talt-processing facility.{nl}Will be removed at the end of the event period.
Select and obtain one Lv. 380 unidentified equipment item.{nl}The item will not be timed or include any trading restrictions.{nl}Will be removed at the end of the event period.
Increases looting chance by +200 for 30 minutes.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Contains a title awarded for participating in the Guilds Make TOS event.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Star Fragment
This fragment will help you reset your Rank after the arrival of Rank 10. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Uska's Invitation
This invitation will help you level up. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Select the equipment you want to receive from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Masinios Weapon Selection Box
Rota's Special Support Box
Use to receive a random item from the rewards list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Silver Ichor Extraction Kit (14 Days)
Large Autumn Leaf
Event item. Bring it to the event NPC to receive your reward.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Large Golden Leaf
Event item. Bring it to the event NPC to receive your reward.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Title - Territory Vanguard
A title given to participants in the GTW tests. Right-click to use.
Title - Safely Guarded
A title given to Saviors whose accounts are well protected. Right-click to use.
Assassin Lizdas Phoenix Costume Box
Box containing an Assassin Lizdas Phoenix costume.{nl}You must advance to the Assassin class to use this item.{nl}The costume obtained from this box cannot be stored in your Team Storage.  
Outlaw Desperado Attire Costume Box
Box containing an Outlaw Desperado Attire costume.{nl}You must advance to the Outlaw class to use this item.{nl}The costume obtained from this box cannot be stored in your Team Storage.  
[Re:Build] Event item. Bring the item to the Kupole Dina to participate in the event.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
Class Tree Costume Exchange Voucher
You can exchange the voucher for other Class costumes from the Class Tree Costume tab in the TP Shop.
[Kupole] Test Scroll: Enhancement
Kupole server test scroll. Enhances equipment under +11 enhancement to +11.
Asio Weapon Recipe Selection Box
Use to obtain a recipe of your choice from the list provided.
Wastrel Weapon Recipe Selection Box
Giltine's Gift Box
Contains a gift from Demon Goddess Giltine{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 40 weapon and shield)
Select a Kedora Merchant Alliance support equipment you want to receive from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 40 armor)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 75 weapon and shield)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 75 armor)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 120 weapon and shield)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 120 armor)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 170 weapon and shield)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 170 armor)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 220 weapon and shield)
Kedora Merchant Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 220 armor)
[3rd Anniversary] Lucky Box (1 Hour)
N/A
3rd Anniversary Balloon Bundle
A bundle of balloons to celebrate TOS' 3rd anniversary.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Goddess' Present Chest
A special gift from the goddess celebrating an important achievement: the first successful hunt on Boruta the dragon in Sulivinas Lair.{nl}Use to obtain the reward.
[Re:Build] Lv 380 Unique Weapon Recipe Selection Box
Use to obtain an event Wastrel or Asio recipe.{nl}Equipment crafted from the event recipe does not allow for Ichor extraction.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Re:Build] Penguin Selection Box
Use to select a Penguin Companion from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
A review by Revelator Mihail, can be obtained as a part of a collection.
Contains the inscription of a ring sought after by a wandering spirit in Letas Stream. Can be added to your collection.
The silver bar hidden by the prisoners in Ashaq Underground Prison. Can be added to your collection.
Skill Scroll [Lv 5 Cure]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Aukuras]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Zalciai]
Skill Scroll [Lv 10 Daino]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Monstrance]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Restoration]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Turn Undead]
Skill Scroll [Lv 5 Barrier]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Arcane Energy]
Skill Scroll [Lv 1 Clairvoyance]
Skill Scroll [Lv 5 Magic Missile]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Enchant Fire]
Skill Scroll [Lv 15 Flame Ground]
Skill Scroll [Lv 10 Pole of Agony]
Monster Card Album: All Colors
[GTW] Wooden Barricade
[GTW Item]
Installs a barricade which deters opposing guild members for 600 seconds.{nl}Can be used only by members of the guild defending the Spot.{nl}Provides the following bonus when the user is a Squire, Alchemist or Pardoner:{nl}    - Barricade durability +20%
[GTW] Ballista
Installs a weapon that shoots arrows in a single shot or in continuous shots at members of rival guilds within range for 600 seconds. The arrows include penetration, knockback and stunning effects.{nl}Can be used only by members of the guild defending the Spot.{nl}Provides the following bonus when the user is a Squire, Alchemist or Pardoner:{nl}    - Ballista durability and attack +20%
[GTW] Siege Tower
Installs a mobile tower that attacks members or installations of opposing guilds for 600 seconds. Ride the tower in order to direct it and attack. Fits up to 5 players.{nl}Can be used only by members of the guild defending the Spot.{nl}Provides the following bonus when the user is a Squire, Alchemist or Pardoner:{nl}    - Tower durability and attack +20%
[GTW] Divine Flag
Installs a flag that allows you to move to the spot where it is planted for 180 seconds when using a [GTW] Warp Scroll - GTW.{nl}Can be used only by members of the guild defending the Spot.{nl}Cooldown is shared among all guild members.
[GTW] Mysterious Crystal
Use the Mysterious Crystal when you become incapable of combat to regenerate on the same spot.{nl}Can be used only inside Spot Area maps.
[GTW] Wide Regeneration Scroll
Use to regenerate all fellow guild members currently incapable of combat within the range of your screen, and restore 50% of their HP and SP.{nl}Can be used only inside Spot Area maps.{nl}Cooldown is shared among all guild members.
[GTW] Warp Scroll - GTW
Use to move to a Spot Area.{nl}    - Defending guild: move to Spot Tower{nl}    - Attacking guild: move to Divine Flag{nl}Cannot be used inside Spot Area maps.
[GTW Event] Mysterious Crystal
Use the Mysterious Crystal when you become incapable of combat to regenerate on the same spot.{nl}Can be used only inside Spot Area maps.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW Event] Warp Scroll - GTW
Use to move to a Spot Area.{nl}    - Defending guild: move to Spot Tower{nl}    - Attacking guild: move to Divine Flag{nl}Cannot be used inside Spot Area maps.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[GTW] Recon Map
Use to reveal for 5 seconds where the members of the defending guild are on the Spot Area.{nl}Can only be used by members of the guilds attacking the Spot.
Use to carry a festival balloon.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Urbas Seal
A seal carried by Kupole Urbas, who observed Boruta by order of Goddess Austeja.{nl}Required for entering Boruta's realm. The seal is consumed after entering his realm.
[Event] Urbas Seal
Event Item
A seal carried by Kupole Urbas, who observed Boruta by order of Goddess Austeja.{nl}Required for entering Boruta's realm. The seal is consumed after entering his realm.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Medal of Honor: Boruta
Exchange Item
A medal confirming your contribution in the battle against Boruta.{nl}Can be exchanged for items by 
Royal Supply Officer Manfredas
 at your Guild Hangout.
Hasisas Base Potion
A potion obtained from the Assassin Master.{nl}Use it under the Pasagos Cliff in Ramstis Ridge.{nl}Cooldown of 3 seconds.
Increases +140 physical critical attack for 300 seconds. Effects apply only inside the Rancid Labyrinth, Balaam Camp Site and Michmas Temple. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
Increases +130 magic critical attack for 300 seconds. Effects apply only inside the Rancid Labyrinth, Balaam Camp Site and Michmas Temple. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 60 seconds.
A pouch given by the Sapper Master.
This is a pouch given to you by the Sapper Master. As you walk you can hear a soft jingling sound coming from it. 
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Balloon: 
Lucky Golden Pig Helmet
Alright, now. Don't let all that luck get to your head.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.{nl}Hair dyes do not apply.
Black Tracksuit
The classic black tracksuit is as comfortable as it is timeless. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Red Tracksuit
A bright red tracksuit will always make you stand out from the crowd. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Green Student Tracksuit
All the kids these days are wearing the green tracksuit. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Grey Tracksuit
A tracksuit made for the inconspicuous athlete. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Blue Lazy Day Tracksuit
For those days when you just want to lay low and relax. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Purple Swag Tracksuit
Rolling up one pant leg makes other people think you're hip. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Yellow Jumpsuit
Go all out on the martial arts look with this captivating yellow jumpsuit. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Lucky Golden Pig Costume
If a pig is gold, you know it must be lucky. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
[PP] Winter Night Red Costume (Male)
Winter Night Red Costume. Use to change your appearance.
[PP] Winter Night Red Costume (Female)
Outlaw Desperado Attire (Male)
Outlaw Desperado Attire (Female)
Assassin Lizdas Phoenix (Male)
Assassin Lizdas Phoenix (Female)
Fluffy Kitty Mace
Fluffy Kitty Bow
Fluffy Kitty Staff
Fluffy Kitty Dagger
Fluffy Kitty Sword
Fluffy Kitty Two-handed Sword
Fluffy Kitty Shield
Fluffy Kitty Spear
Fluffy Kitty Pike
Fluffy Kitty Rapier
Fluffy Kitty Two-handed Mace
Fluffy Kitty Rod
Restores 30 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Velheider{nl} - Hoglan{nl} - Leaf Penguin{nl} - Baby Pig{nl} - Rocksodon{nl} - Armadillo{nl} - Golden Pup{nl} - Goro{nl} - Lucky Golden Pig
Lucky Golden Pig Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the player's looting chance by +777.
Installs a weapon that shoots arrows in a single shot or in continuous shots at members of rival guilds within range for 600 seconds. The arrows include knockback and stunning effects.{nl}Can be used only by members of the guild defending the Spot.{nl}Provides the following bonus when the user is a Squire, Alchemist or Pardoner:{nl}    - Ballista durability and attack +20%
Groucho Glasses
Sorry, I think you have the wrong person.{nl}Right-click to equip.
Grandpa Groucho Glasses
Sorry, I think you have the wrong person. I'm just a jolly old grandpa.{nl}Right-click to equip.
GTW Coin [Reward]
A coin commemorating a victory in the Guild Territory Wars.{nl}Delivered as an alternative to GTW Market tariff fund rewards.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Shining Monster Card Album: Black
  - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% Skill Factor when using the following skills{nl}- Ice Bolt{nl} - Ice Pike{nl} - Ice Blast{nl} - Snow Rolling{nl} - Frost Pillar{nl} - Hail{nl} - Rune of Ice{nl} - Water Shikigami
Autumn Shade Hanbok Costume (Male)
A Hanbok costume inspired by the Autumn season. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Autumn Shade Hanbok Costume (Female)
Spring Shade Hanbok Costume (Male)
A Hanbok costume inspired by the Spring season. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Spring Shade Hanbok Costume (Female)
Royal Hanbok Costume
The garment worn by the royal family of the east. Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Recycle Shop.
Striped Hanbok Costume
They say that this is the costume worn by the people in the distant lands to the far east.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Recycle Shop.
Sorry, I think you have the wrong person.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Sorry, I think you have the wrong person. I'm just a jolly old grandpa.{nl}Right-click to equip.{nl}Can beexchanged for medals in the Exchange shop. 
Gehong's Hat
Hitomiko's Wreath
Colorful Boeing Sunglasses
A must-have for all the hip party people.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
[Wake Up] Sword
Wake Up Growth Package
. Items obtained can be increased to Lv. 380 in correspondence with the owner's level.
[Wake Up] Two-handed Sword
[Wake Up] Rod
[Wake Up] Bow
[Wake Up] Crossbow
[Wake Up] Mace
[Wake Up] Spear
[Wake Up] Two-handed Spear
[Wake Up] Staff
[Wake Up] Rapier
[Wake Up] Shield
[Wake Up] Dagger
[Wake Up] Cannon
[Wake Up] Pistol
[Wake Up] Musket
[Wake Up] Two-handed Mace
Floral Decoration
Adds traditional floral effects at your feet every time you jump.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Sweet Explosion
Splashes candies and chocolates every time you jump.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Unique Support Weapon Box
Use to obtain a [Wake Up] weapon of your choice.
Unique Support Weapon +11 Enhancement Voucher
Increases the enhancement level of a [Wake Up] weapon to +11.{nl}Requires a [Wake Up] weapon to use.{nl}Cannot be used on [Wake Up] weapons of enhancement +11 or above.
Unique Support Weapon +5 Transcendence Voucher
Increases the transcendence stage a [Wake Up] weapon to 5.{nl}Requires a [Wake Up] weapon to use.{nl}Cannot be used on [Wake Up] weapons of transcendence stage 5 or above.
Shining Golden Ichor Extraction Kit
Tool used in the extraction of Ichors. Can only be used on equipment with 0 Potential. The equipment won't be destroyed upon failure.
[Lv. 380] Stage 8 Transcendence Scroll
Increases the transcendence stage of equipment of level 380 or below to 8.{nl}It can only be used on items at the transcendence stage between 0 to 7. Right-click the scroll and select the item you want to transcend to use.
Will not decrease enhancement values even if the attempt fails. However, your item will lose potential. At 0 potential, the item is destroyed. Use within 14 days.
Irredian Brooch
Irredian Crystal Fragment
Wings of Vaivora Coin
You can use the item to exchange for useful items at the Klaipeda's Wings of Vaivora NPC.
Widnium Fragment
A rare ore that the Kedora Merchant Alliance has imported from distant lands.{nl}It is rumored that this ore longs to return to its place of origin no matter where it has ended up.{nl}It is said that Teliavelis of Fedimian is looking for these ores to study them.{nl}Deliver the ore to Teliavelis and he will exchange it for a single 
Diamond Anvil (14 Days)
 .{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Shining Monster Card Album: Ominous
A dark and sinister card album radiating with ominous aura. You are advised to read it in a quiet, secluded place.{nl}Can be used from level 300 and up.{nl}Use to summon a level 330 high-rank boss monster.{nl}Can only be used in fields.
[PP] Winter Night Red Costume Selection Box
Right-click to use and select one of the following: Winter Night Red Costume (F) / Winter Night Red Costume (M)
Abyss Irredian Necklace
A fearsome necklace crafted using a red gemstone and the tooth of a wild beast. 
Cevisa Irredian Necklace
It is said that this item holds great power which is unleashed in a time of need.
Abyss Irredian Bracelet
No one knows how this bracelet came to possess its red hue.
Cevisa Irredian Bracelet
A bracelet crafted to save its wearer from moments of vulnerability.
Irredian Seal - Swordsman
A seal obtained from Irredian Shelter. It is engraved with a strange symbol.
Irredian Seal - Wizard
Irredian Seal - Cleric
Irredian Seal - Archer
Irredian Seal - Scout
[Event] Masinios Sword
Cannot be enhanced, transcended or used to extract ichors.
[Event] Masinios Two-handed Sword
[Event] Masinios Rod
[Event] Masinios Bow
[Event] Masinios Crossbow
[Event] Masinios Mace
[Event] Masinios Two-handed Mace
[Event] Masinios Shield
[Event] Masinios Spear
[Event] Masinios Pike
[Event] Masinios Dagger
[Event] Masinios Staff
[Event] Masinios Pistol
[Event] Masinios Rapier
[Event] Masinios Cannon
[Event] Masinios Musket
Corpse Parts Urn
Increases EXP gains, movement speed and maximum HP according to number of stacks for 30 minutes. Maximum 5 stacks. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Fantasy Library: Sausis Room 9 Accessory Selection Box
Use to obtain one of the following accessories.{nl} {nl}- Nepagristas Bracelet{nl}- Nematomas Necklace{nl}- Rangovas Necklace{nl}- Nepagristas Bracelet{nl}- Nematomas Bracelet{nl}- Rangovas Bracelet
New/Returning Savior Welcome Box
Right-click to use and obtain the following items:{nl}- Warp Scroll 10x Box{nl}- Goddess Sculpture (14 Days) x3{nl}- Miracle Seeds (14 Days) x3
New/Returning Savior Support Box
Right-click to use and obtain the following items:{nl}- Raid Portal Stone x5{nl}- Challenge Portal Scroll (14 Days) x5{nl}- Megaphone 50x Box{nl}[Event] Masinios Weapon Selection Box
11 ENH 5 TRA Masinios Weapon Selection Box
Use to obtain a +11Stage 5 Masinios Weapon of your choice.
[Event] Sweet Sweet Potato
A delicious and nutritious sweet potato.{nl}Instantly restores 2205 HP, 735 SP and gradually restores 2205 HP and 735 SP every 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use. Cooldown of 45 seconds.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
A collection ready to be filled with items. Right-click to register.
A collection of five necklaces. Each necklace is inscribed with one of the five topics of a pilgrim's path. Made by Maven, the founder of the Great Cathedral. Right-click to register.
A collection of the conflict between the demons and the goddesses in Goddess Laima's revelation.{nl}Right-click to register.
A collection of one of the world's hidden secret in Goddess Laima's revelation.{nl}Right-click to register.
[Reward] Boruta Seal - Swordsman Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Swordsman.
[Reward] Boruta Seal - Wizard Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Wizard.
[Reward] Boruta Seal - Cleric Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Cleric.
[Reward] Boruta Seal - Archer Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Archer.
[Reward] Boruta Seal - Scout Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Scout.
[Reward] Irredian Seal - Swordsman Box
Use to obtain an Irredian Seal - Swordsman.
[Reward] Irredian Seal - Swordsman Box
Use to obtain an Irredian Seal - Swordsman.
[Reward] Irredian Seal - Cleric Box
Use to obtain an Irredian Seal - Cleric.
[Reward] Irredian Seal - Archer Box
Use to obtain an Irredian Seal - Archer.
[Reward] Irredian Seal - Scout Box
Use to obtain an Irredian Seal - Scout.
(Old) Underground Chapel Dungeon Cube
(Old) Historic Site Ruins Dungeon Cube
(Old) Monument of Desire Dungeon Cube
(Old) Underground castle Dungeon Cube
(Old) Lanko Lake Dungeon Cube
Irredian Cube
Historic Ruins Site Cube
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 5.{nl}Can only be used in items transcended to Stages 0 to 4. Right-click the scroll, then select the item to transcend.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Right-click to use.{nl}Increases physical and magic attack by +100 for 1 hour.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
 during the event mission.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Will install a monster trap when used.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Event material item.{nl}Can be used to increase the level of captured monsters.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
Use to obtain a random reward item.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Event material item.{nl}Can be exchanged for useful items.{nl}Will be deleted when the event period ends.
An item required for a special experiment mission.{nl}Can be obtained from an Event Notice Board once per day.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Use to obtain a random Lv 350 Primus armor item.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
Use to obtain a random Lv 350 Primus weapon/subweapon item.{nl}Will be deleted after the event period.
When used once, increases EXP gains by 10%, max HP 500, recovers HP 100/ SP 50 every 10 seconds for 30 minutes. Up to 5 can be stacked at a time. Will be deleted when the event ends.
Use to obtain a recipe of your choice from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at te end of the event period.
[Event] Class Change Voucher Lv. 3
Increases Class Points by +1,000.{nl}Class Points can be accumulated to a maximum of 3,000 and excess points earned will not be saved.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Three Day Trial Box
A reward box obtained in the Three Day Trial event. Use to obtain your reward.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Golden Pig Box
A reward box obtained in the Find The Golden Pig event. Use to obtain your reward.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Class Change Voucher Lv. 1 (14 Days)
Title - TOS 4-Time Researcher
A title granted to 4-time TOS researchers
[Event] Class Change Voucher Lv. 2 (14 Days)
[Event] New Year Lucky Bag
A special Lunar New Years gift.{nl}Open the bag to find out what's inside.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Penguin Selection Box
Use to obtain a single Penguin companion of your choice.
[Event] Rare Enchant Jewel
[Event] Unique Enchant Jewel
[Event] Legend Enchant Jewel
Use to move to a Spot Area.{nl}You will be directed to the location of the Divine Flag.{nl}Cannot be used inside Spot Areas.
Use to move to a Spot Area.{nl}You will be directed to the location of the Divine Flag.{nl}Cannot be used inside Spot Areas.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Boruta Seal - Swordsman Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Swordsman.
Boruta Seal - Wizard Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Wizard.
Boruta Seal - Cleric Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Cleric.
Boruta Seal - Archer Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Archer.
Boruta Seal - Scout Box
Use to obtain a Boruta Seal - Scout.
GM's Astro Ambition Helmet
Can't go out into space without your trusty helmet!{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
GM's Astro Ambition Costume (M)
Travel beyond the stars with this classic white space suit.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
GM's Astro Ambition Costume (F)
Baby Chick
This tiny baby chick seems to have made a nest out of your head! But beware, it may grow a little hefty when it turns into a chicken...{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Mystic Savior School Uniform (M)
The uniform worn by all the wannabe Mystic Saviors.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Recycle Shop.
Mystic Savior School Uniform (F)
Mystic Boy - Diamond (M)
You are the chosen Diamond Savior!{nl}Use to change your appearance. Allows you to use 
.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Mystic Girl - Diamond (F)
Mystic Boy - Heart (M)
You are the chosen Heart Savior!{nl}Use to change your appearance. Allows you to use 
Mystic Girl - Heart (F)
Mystic Girl - Diamond (M)
You are the chosen Diamond Savior! The amazing Mystic Girl!{nl}Use to change your appearance. Allows you to use 
Mystic Girl - Heart (M)
You are the chosen Heart Savior! The amazing Mystic Girl!{nl}Use to change your appearance. Allows you to use 
Mystic Boy Form Change - Heart (M)
Transformation of Mystic Boy - Heart.{nl}This item is provided for preview purposes.
Mystic Boy Form Change - Diamond (M)
Transformation of Mystic Boy - Diamond.{nl}This item is provided for preview purposes.
Mystic Girl Form Change - Heart (M)
Transformation of Mystic Girl - Heart.{nl}This item is provided for preview purposes.
Mystic Girl Form Change - Diamond (M)
Transformation of Mystic Girl - Diamond.{nl}This item is provided for preview purposes.
Mystic Girl Form Change - Heart (F)
Mystic Girl Form Change - Diamond (F)
Mystic Savior - Heart Ribbon
Hair ribbon featuring one of the symbols of the Mystic Savior - the heart!{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Mystic Savior - Diamond Ribbon
Hair ribbon featuring one of the symbols of the Mystic Savior - the diamond!{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Mystic Savior Staff
Mystic Savior Rod
Mystic Savior Mace
Mystic Savior Two-handed Mace
Magic Circle - Heart
Creates a Magic Savior - Heart magic circle effect under your feet.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Magic Circle - Diamond
Creates a Magic Savior - Diamond magic circle effect under your feet.{nl}Can be exchanged for medals at the Exchange Shop.
Right-click to obtain the following items.{nl} - GM's Astro Ambition Costume Selection Box x1{nl} - GM's Astro Ambition Helmet x1{nl} - Baby Chick x1
[Event] Joha's Mudfish
A special type of bait used for fishing. Gives you a chance of catching Hidden Treasure Chests, Silver Fish and Small Silver Fish when used as bait.{nl}Will be automatically 
deleted
 at the end of the event period. 
[Event] Paste Bait (1 Day)
[Event] Fishing Bonfire (1 Day)
[Event] Hidden Treasure Chest
Right-click to use and obtain one of the following items.{nl} - Attribute Points: 100 (14 Days) x2{nl} - Enchant Scroll (14 Days) x1{nl} - Enhancement Card: 500 (14 Days) x1{nl} - 5-Star Gem Abrasive (14 Days) x1{nl} - Premium Awakening Stone (14 Days) x1{nl} - Butler & Maid Costume Box (Black) x1{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Martian Ambition Helmet
Martian Ambition Costume (M)
Martian Ambition Costume (F)
[PP] Martian Ambition Package
Right-click to obtain the following items.{nl} - Martian Ambition Selection Box x1{nl} - Martian Ambition Helmet x1
KedoranAbdochar
A piece of equipment produced by the Kedora Alliance to support the Saviors. Its familiar design makes for a more affordable price, but performance-wise it certainly doesn't fall behind other types of gear.
KedoranSarkmis
KedoranSkull Smasher
Kedoran Regard Horn Staff
Kedoran Heart of Glory
Kedoran Skull Breaker
Kedoran Emengard  Dagger
Kedoran Wingshard Spear
Kedoran Regard Horn Pike
Kedoran Black Horn
Kedoran Regard Horn Crossbow
Kedoran Astra Bow
Kedoran Aspana Revolver
Kedoran Emengard Cannon
Kedoran Emengard Musket
Kedoran Emengard Shield
KedoranRaffyeSword
Kedoran Raffye Two-handed Sword
Kedoran Raffye Mace
Kedoran Raffye Staff
KedoranRaffyeRod
Kedoran Raffye Two-handed Mace
Kedoran Raffye Dagger
Kedoran Raffye Spear
Kedoran Raffye Pike
Kedoran Raffye Rapier
Kedoran Raffye Crossbow
KedoranRaffyeBow
KedoranRaffyePistol
KedoranRaffyeCannon
Kedoran Raffye Musket
KedoranRaffyeShield
Kedoran Zvaigzde Sword
Kedoran Zvaigzde Two-handed Sword
Kedoran Zvaigzde Rod
Kedoran Zvaigzde Bow
Kedoran Zvaigzde Crossbow
Kedoran Zvaigzde Mace
Kedoran Zvaigzde Two-handed Mace
Kedoran Zvaigzde Shield
Kedoran Zvaigzde Spear
Kedoran Zvaigzde Pike
Kedoran Zvaigzde Dagger
Kedoran Zvaigzde Staff
Kedoran Zvaigzde Pistol
Kedoran Zvaigzde Rapier
Kedoran Zvaigzde Cannon
Kedoran Zvaigzde Musket
Kedoran Planeta Robe
Kedoran Ukas Leather Armor
Kedoran Galaktikos Plate Armor
Kedoran Planeta Pants
Kedoran Ukas Leather Pants
Kedoran Galaktikos Plate Pants
Kedoran Planeta Boots
Kedoran Ukas Leather Boots
Kedoran Galaktikos Greaves
Kedoran Planeta Gloves
Kedoran Ukas Leather Gloves
Kedoran Galaktikos Gauntlets
Pajauta Card
[Card Equip Effect] All stats +[{img star_mark 20 20} * 0.4]
Dark Energy
Use to apply a 6-hour buff.{nl}(The effects apply only inside Velcoffer's nest.){nl} - Physical attack + 7000{nl} - Magic attack + 7000{nl} - Damage taken -30%
Kedora Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 315 Weapon and Shield)
Kedora Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 350 Weapon and Shield)
Kedora Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 380 Weapon and Shield)
Use to select one piece of equipment enhanced to +11 and transcended to Stage 3.
Kedora Alliance Support Selection Box (Lv. 380 Armor)
Stolen Repair Supplies
Supplies collected from the monsters in Barynwell 87 Waters by Pajauta's request.
Magnetic Dirt
Material collected at the Outer Wall District 9 by Pajauta's request.
Use to receive Dark Energy buff for a 6-day duration.{nl}(The effect only takes place while inside Velcoffer's Nest.){nl}- Physical ATK +7000{nl}- Magic ATK +7000{nl}- Physical DEF +10000{nl}- Magic DEF +10000
A space helmet required to travel to infinity and beyond.{nl}Use to change your appearance.
Baby Chick Armband
A cute armband created to commemorate a special day.
Legva Sword
It may seem a little short in length for a sword, but it is capable of leaving fatal wounds on its targets due to its paired blades.
Berthas Legva Sword
Primus Legva Sword
Savinose Legva Sword
Legva Two-handed Sword
It is a great weapon that is both fancy and modest at the same time. It's handle is quite thick so some may have trouble gripping it properly.
Berthas Legva Two-handed Sword
Primus Legva Two-handed Sword
Savinose Legva Two-handed Sword
Legva Rod
A rod that makes use of a powerful magic source as a material. It is said to be mined in Nicopolis, but nobody knows for sure.
Berthas Legva Rod
Primus Legva Rod
Savinose Legva Rod
Legva Bow
A very flexible bow made from the trees growing in Parias Forest. It is great for dead-accurate aims from miles away.
Berthas Legva Bow
Primus Legva Bow
Savinose Legva Bow
Legva Crossbow
Berthas Legva Crossbow
Primus Legva Crossbow
Savinose Legva Crossbow
Legva Mace
It is a deadly mace despite being made of materials that can be found in the forest.
Berthas Legva Mace
Primus Legva Mace
Savinose Legva Mace
Legva Two-handed Mace
A mace crafted in a similar fashion to those used by the Royal Military. Although similar in appearance, Legva maces are much more rare and highly sought after.
Berthas Legva Two-handed Mace
Primus Legva Two-handed Mace
Savinose Legva Two-handed Mace
Legva Shield
A simple wooden shield finished off with rare metal ores. The wood used in crafting the shield is also hard to come by.
Berthas Legva Shield
Primus Legva Shield
Savinose Legva Shield
Legva Spear
There is a symbolic meaning behind the shape of this spear, but no one really knows exactly what it is.
Berthas Legva Spear
Primus Legva Spear
Savinose Legva Spear
Legva Pike
Berthas Legva Pike
Primus Legva Pike
Savinose Legva Pike
Legva Dagger
The trademark of this dagger is the central ornament piece that looks like a monster's eye.
Berthas Legva Dagger
Primus Legva Dagger
Savinose Legva Dagger
Legva Staff
Despite its blunt looks, it is an artifact very potent with magical energy that many powerful mages covet. 
Berthas Legva Staff
Primus Legva Staff
Savinose Legva Staff
Legva Pistol
Not only does it look good, but it also fits perfectly in the user's hand. Many highly experienced soldiers want to own one because of this.
Berthas Legva Pistol
Primus Legva Pistol
Savinose Legva Pistol
Legva Rapier
With designs staying true to its purpose, its edges are sharp enough to slice through its targets. 
Berthas Legva Rapier
Primus Legva Rapier
Savinose Legva Rapier
Legva Cannon
Berthas Legva Cannon
Primus Legva Cannon
Savinose Legva Cannon
Legva Musket
Berthas Legva Musket
Primus Legva Musket
Savinose Legva Musket
Pilgriste Robe
A weapon used mostly by pilgrims. Its practicality and ease of use is well suited for long travels.
Vymedzai Leather Armor
It is said to be made of plants that reacted to magic. Its thorns are capable of leaving fatal wounds on its targets.
Akmo Plate Armor
Made of sturdy material, it wraps around the whole body comfortably. There is no need to fear enemy strikes in battle.
Berthas Pilgriste Robe
A weapon used mostly by pilgrims. Its practicality and ease of use is well suited for long travels.
BerthasVymedzai Leather Armor
Berthas Akmo Plate Armor
 - Activates the Wrath buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Wrath{nl} - Grants a (5 * Wrath stacks)% chance of triggering Ignas - Wrath whenever you are attacked. {nl} {nl}Ignas - Wrath{nl} - Maximum attack + 250 (max. 3 stacks, 10 sec duration)
Primus Pilgriste Robe
Primus Vymedzai Leather Armor
Primus Akmo Plate Armor
Savinose Pilgriste Robe
Savinose Vymedzai Leather Armor
Savinose Akmo Plate Armor
Pilgriste Pants
Vymedzai Leather Pants
Akmo Plate Pants
Berthas Pilgriste Pants
Berthas Vymedzai Leather Pants
Berthas Akmo Plate Pants
Primus Pilgriste Pants
Primus Vymedzai Leather Pants
Primus Akmo Plate Pants
Savinose Pilgriste Pants
Savinose Vymedzai Leather Pants
Savinose Akmo Plate Pants
Pilgriste Boots
Vymedzai Leather Boots
Akmo Greaves
Berthas Pilgriste Boots
Berthas Vymedzai Leather Boots
Berthas Akmo Greaves
Primus Pilgriste Boots
Primus Vymedzai Leather Boots
Primus Akmo Greaves
Savinose Pilgriste Boots
Savinose Vymedzai Leather Boots
Savinose Akmo Greaves
Pilgriste Gloves
Vymedzai Leather Gloves
Akmo Gauntlet
Berthas Pilgriste Gloves
Berthas Vymedzai Leather Gloves
Berthas Akmo Gauntlet
Primus Pilgriste Gloves
Primus Vymedzai Leather Gloves
Primus Akmo Gauntlet
Savinose Pilgriste Gloves
Savinose Vymedzai Leather Gloves
Savinose Akmo Gauntlets
Sugar Necklace (Physical) (14 Days)
Special items for a sugary day. Equip with the Sugar Bracelet to complete the set and receive the effects. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Sugar Necklace (Magic) (14 Days)
[Episode 11] Adventurer's Necklace (30 Days)
Wearing the necklace makes your feet feel lighter and makes your heart ready for adventure.
  - Adds {img green_up_arrow 16 16}50% Skill Factor when using the following skills{nl}- Fireball{nl} - Fire Wall{nl} - Fire Pillar{nl} - Hell Breath{nl} - Flame Ground{nl} - Meteor{nl} - Incineration{nl} - Prominence{nl} - Combustion{nl} - Immolation
Sugar Bracelet (Physical) (14 Days)
Special items for a sugary day. Equip with the Sugar Necklace to complete the set and receive the effects. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Sugar Bracelet (Magic) (14 Days)
[Episode 11] Adventurer's Bracelet (30 Days)
It lightens the heart, preparing the wearer from the weary road ahead.
Laima Kindergarten Costume (M)
The uniform of Laima Kindergarten students, known for its bright, baby chick-yellow color.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Laima Kindergarten Costume (F)
Private-Eye Costume (M)
Outfit worn by a renown private-eye investing a series of cases between Orsha and Klaipeda.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Private-Eye Costume (F)
A costume required to travel to infinity and beyond.{nl}Use to change your appearance.
Tiger Hunter Costume
The Tiger Hunter's basic hunting outfit.
Tiger Hunter White Tiger Costume
Garments made from the skin of a rare beast found in the Tiger Hunter's homeland.
Tiger Hunter Special Costume
Outfit worn only by the most talented of Tiger Hunters.
Tiger Hunter White Tiger Special Costume
Matross Costume
Basic costume given to all Matrosses.
Matross Special Costume
Symbol of honor awarded to Matrosses who have emerged victorious in battle.
Matross Victor Costume
Garments awarded to the most talented Matrosses in the battlefield.
Matross Victor Special Costume
[Event] Tiger Hunter White Tiger Costume
[Event] Matross Victor Costume
Ardito Costume
The Arditi are known for charging onto enemy forces with ruthless attacks. This costume is a reflection of that.
Ardito Seasoned Troops Costume
Clothes granted to honorable Arditi who survived in the front lines of battle.
Ardito Special Costume
Garments worn by Arditi well-versed in grenade combat techniques.
Ardito Seasoned Troops Special Costume
Arditi who wear these clothes are known on the battlefield as the personification of war itself.
Sheriff Costume
Costume worn by Sheriffs who are in charge of a jurisdiction.
Sheriff Raven Costume
Clothes given only to Sheriffs recognized by Class Master Evan.
Sheriff Special Costume
Costume worn by Sheriffs in charge of assuring.
Sheriff Raven Special Costume
Garments awarded by Sheriff Evan to those who have been recognized as a master marksman by the great Sheriff himself.
[Event] Ardito Seasoned Troops Costume
[Event] Sheriff Raven Costume
A heart-shaped treat for a special day.
This tiny baby chick seems to have made a nest out of your head! But beware, it may grow a little hefty when it turns into a chicken...{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Laima Kindergarten Hat
The hat worn by Laima Kindergarten students, known for its bright, baby chick-yellow color.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Little Budding Sprout
This little budding sprout symbolizes growth.{nl}Use to change your appearance.
Crunchy Choco Dagger
Crunchy Choco Sword
Crunchy Choco Two-handed Sword
Crunchy Choco Rapier
Crunchy Choco Shield
Crunchy Choco Pike
Crunchy Choco Spear
Crunchy Choco Two-handed Mace
Crunchy Choco Mace
Crunchy Choco Staff
Crunchy Choco Rod
Crunchy Choco Bow
Crunchy Choco Crossbow
Crunchy Choco Cannon
Crunchy Choco Musket
Crunchy Choco Pistol
[Episode 11] Deathweaver Cutter (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Deathweaver Tooth (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Deathweaver Rod (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Melinas Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Deathweaver Bow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Deathweaver Crossbow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Vubbe Morning Star (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Vubbe Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Vubbe Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Cheminis Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Chapparition Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Chapparition Rod (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Patrice Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Chapparition Bow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Chapparition Shooter (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Chapparition Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Silver Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Cheminis Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Mark Tunic (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Mark Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Durandal (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Flamini (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Secretum (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Candle Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Heart Seeker (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Shooting Star (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Escanciu Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Doom Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Laideca (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Brigandine Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Brigandine Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Velniup (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Tily Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Temere (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Sunflower (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Wilding Bane (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Seimos Crossbow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Semios Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Seimos Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Seimos Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Hunting Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Hunting Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Flame (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Hell and Heaven (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Casti Rod (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Maledoom (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Casti Bow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Karacha Crossbow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Drake Tail (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Casti Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Magas Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Duelist (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Veteran Tunic (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Veteran Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Rod (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Power Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Marksman (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Didel Grand Cross (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Spada (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Finisher (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Bandit Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Bandit Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Rod (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Bow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Crossbow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Albinosas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Albinosas Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Bow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Crossbow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Kaulas Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Kaulas Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Two-handed Sword (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Rod (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Bow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Crossbow (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Spear (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Pike (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Dagger (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Staff (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Raffye Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Jevenellis Leather Armor (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Jevenellis Leather Pants (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Stiletto (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Blue Stiletto (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Sketis Dagger (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Short Duelist (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Small Crystaras (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Pajoritas Dagger (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Dagger (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Dagger (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Wooden Buckler (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Round Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Sketis Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Spike Kindl (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Rodeleine Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Pajoritas Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Migantis Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Primus Pevordimas Shield (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Practice Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Reine Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Pajoritas Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Practice Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Crystaras Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Practice Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Dunkel Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Sketis Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Duelist Rapier (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Dunkel Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Dunkel Wooden Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Sketis Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Spiare Pistol (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Alcris (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Berthas Pajoritas Pistol (30 Days)
ITOS Costume (M)
Show your love for TOS with this commemorative costume. Use to change your appearance.
ITOS Costume (F)
[Episode 11] Traxia (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Erera Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Two-handed Battle Maul (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Crystaras Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Adatag (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Pensara Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Reine Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Stropy Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Vista Cannon (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Migantis Musket (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Finisher (30 Days)
[Episode 11] Two-handed Rune Mace
[Episode 11] Vienarazis Two-handed Mace
[Episode 11] Pajoritas Two-handed Mace
[Episode 11] Krendall Two-handed Mace (30 Days)
Dokkaebi Epaulet
[Tiger Hunter Special Costume]
An epaulet awarded to the greatest of hunters.
Wings of Victory
[Matross Special Costume]
An ornament that is worn by the most honored fighters of the Matrosses
Sheriff Badge
[Sheriff Special Costume]
A badge worn by the high ranking sheriffs.
Grenade
[Ardito Special Costume]
The Arditi who have been recognized for their distinguished services in battle wear grenades such as this one.
Restores 30 Stamina.{nl}Good for:{nl} - Velheider{nl} - Hoglan{nl} - Baby Pig{nl} - Rocksodon{nl} - Armadillo{nl} - Golden Pup{nl} - Goro{nl} - Lucky Golden Pig{nl} - Hawk
Instantly restores 20% of max. HP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 20% of HP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Instantly restores 20% of max. SP. {nl}Additionally restores the other 20% of SP every 2 seconds over 11 seconds. {nl}Right-click to use. Cooldown of 20 seconds.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Restores 78 Stamina. Right-click to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Recovers the durability of currently-equipped items by +5.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
An event warp scroll. Use it to move to Kupole Kaze in Vedas Plateau.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Combat Potion: Uphill Mission
A potion used exclusively inside the Uphill Defense mission. Increases damage dealt by 5% and reduces damage taken by 5%. Maximum 10 stacks. Right-use to click.
[Event] New Class Premium Costume Selection Box
Right-click to use. Contains the class costume for the following classes.{nl}Class list{nl}- Tiger Hunter{nl}- Matross{nl}- Ardito{nl}- Sheriff{nl} {nl}- Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
(Old) The First Refuge Raid Dungeon Cube
Collect 20 recipe fragments and use to obtain either a full recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
Collect 20 recipe fragments and use to obtain either a full recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
Collect 40 spirit fragments and use to obtain either a recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
A reward obtained from Castle Dungeon
Spirit Fragment: Prodigious Kugheri Balzermancer
Collect 10 recipe fragments and use to obtain either a full recipe or the finished product. Right-click to use.
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 5.{nl}Can only be used in items transcended to Stages 0 to 4. Right-click the scroll, then select the item to transcend.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Steel Anvil
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it to upgrade its quality. Reduces enhancement costs by 50%. Right-click to use.
Steel Anvil (14 Days)
Place a piece of equipment on this anvil and hit it to upgrade its quality. Reduces enhancement costs by 50%. Right-click to use. Use within 14 days.
Ichor Transmutation Kit
Tool used for transmuting Ichors. Can be purchased from Teliavelis.
Silver Ichor Transmutation Kit
Tool used for transmuting Ichors. It does not require consumables.
[Event] Ancient Golden Socket
Use to add a socket on equipment with 0 potential. The socket will not be added if the equipment has already reached its maximum socket limit. Right-click to use. Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Remnants of Bernice Coin
A reward from the Remnants of Bernice dungeon. Exchange it for other items at the Oracle Master.
Med Kit
A box containing various emergency medicine
Lv. 400 Awakening Abrasive
Use to obtain better stats in Awakening items.
Planium
A material that can be obtained rarely from basic monsters. Take them to the Black Smith Teliavelis in Fedimian to create new equipment.
Lensterseum
Nobody knows where this mineral comes from but it shines brilliantly just as its name suggests.
Riperium
When unrefined, it is said that this mineral decays everything in its surrounding area.
Luminous Red Leaf
A suspiciously luminous maple leaf. There is an unknown power radiating from it.
White Cosmos
White Cosmos is often used as an ingredient for medicine.
Purple Lavender
This cannot be used for medicinal purposes. 
Red Tulip
Unlike your everyday Tulip, its stem is beaming with dark energy.
Round Golden Emblem
An emblem decorated with golden circular edges. It holds an unknown power.
Complete Golden Emblem
An emblem decorated with golden edges. It holds an unknown power.
Broken Emblem Fragment
It holds a power different from the other emblems. Perhaps it is the arrangement of the golden edges that determine its final use.
[Episode 11] Growth Gem
[Episode 11] Commemorative gems celebrating the new Episode 11 update. Will be deleted automatically at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Adventure Sprout
[Episode 11] Event item to commemorate the new Episode 11 update. Will be deleted at the end of the event period.{nl} {nl}Can be used at the Adventure Sprout shop.
Teeny Chick Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without a riding skill.{nl}This companion increases the character's HP recovery and SP recovery.{nl}- Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
N/A
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 15)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 15.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 40)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 40.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 50)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 50.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 75)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 75.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 85)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 85.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 100)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 100.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 120)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 120.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 140)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 140.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 170)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 170.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 180)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 180.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 200)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 200.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 220)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 220.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 230)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 230.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 270)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 270.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 315)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 315.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 330)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 330.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 350)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 350.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Daily Attribute Point Box
Right-click to use. Grants 500 Attribute Points every day during the event period.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 380)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 380.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Attribute Point 1,000
Event item. Grants 1000 Attribute Points. Right-click to use.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Select the equipment you want to receive from the list.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Increases Class Points by +1,000.{nl}Class Points can be accumulated to a maximum of 3,000 and excess points earned will not be saved.{nl} {nl}- Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Hidden Class Unlock Voucher Box {nl} List of Unlockable Classes {nl} - Shinobi Unlock Voucher {nl} - Miko Unlock Voucher {nl} - Rune Caster Unlock Voucher {nl} - Appraiser Unlock Voucher {nl} - Nak Muay Unlock Voucher{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Twinkling Star Piece
Monster essence obtained during the event period.
A material item requested by Fedimian's Blacksmith Teliavelis, used to produce special equipment.{nl}Can be obtained by clearing Velcoffer's Nest, Unique Raids, Challenge Mode Stage 5, Saalus missions, and level dungeons.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Teliavelis' Anvil Box
Use to obtain one of Blacksmith Teliavelis' special anvils.{nl}- Anvil{nl}- Steel Anvil (14 Days){nl}- Silver Anvil (14 Days){nl}- Golden Anvil (14 Days){nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Character Slot Voucher
Event item. Adds one character slot to your Lodge. Right-click to use. Will be deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Enhancement Coupon: 100,000 Silver
Enhancement Silver Discount Coupon {nl} {nl}- Will be deleted at the end of the event period
Title - Budding Sprout
The box containing the title given to Budding Sprouts.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Episode 11] Level Up Chest (Lv 400)
Right-click to use. This item can be used by players above level 400.{nl}This item will be removed at the end of the event period.
Goddess' Blessed Cube (1 Day)
Legend Raid Portal Stone
Item required to enter the Legend Raid dungeon. 
Pamoka Solution
Use to move to a Spot Area.{nl}You will be directed to the location of the Divine Flag.{nl}Cannot be used inside Spot Areas.{nl}Can only be used by guilds that are not currently seizing the Spot Area.{nl}
Use to move to a Spot Area.{nl}You will be directed to the location of the Divine Flag.{nl}Cannot be used inside Spot Areas.{nl}Can only be used by guilds that are not currently seizing the Spot Area.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Topaz Fragment
Found in the Outer Wall District 14 area. Looks like it has been formed from pieces of the castle wall that has accumulated inside monsters.
Shiny Glass Shard
Found in the Outer Wall District 14 area. They look like common glass shards.
Cornerstone Piece
Found in the Outer Wall District 14 area. A piece of the cornerstone that was embedded deep in the ground.
Ancient Tree Essence
Found in the Outer Wall District 14 area. Found between trees that have grown during Medzio Diena that destroyed the castle walls.
Time Meter Necklace
A tool handed to you by Ineta in Outer Wall District 15. Use to read the afterimage left behind in time to obtain useful information. 
Lever Piece
Found in the Outer Wall District 15 area. Looks like it's a part of some old weapon that was destroyed.
Broken Goddess Statue
Found in the Outer Wall District 15 area. Looks like a piece of a Goddess Statue that was destroyed.
Broken Wheel Piece
Found in the Outer Wall District 15 area. Looks like a wheel from an old wagon that was destroyed.
Burnt Arrow
Found in the Outer Wall District 15 area. An arrow that seems to have been burnt by fire.
Found in the Outer Wall District 15 area. It does not seem to have been used much seeing how it is relatively clean.
Lost Pendant
Found in the Outer Wall District 15 area. It seems to have seen some use over the years.
Pajauta's Pendant
Given to you by Kedoran Merchant Alliance's Ineta in Outer Wall District 15. 
To my beloved Pajauta
is engraved on the back of the pendant.
A seal carried by Kupole Urbas, who observed Boruta by order of Goddess Austeja.{nl}Required for entering Boruta's realm. The seal is consumed after entering his realm.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Glass Bottle
Simple bottle for carrying water.
Filled Glass Bottle
It is filled to the brim with water.
Recovery Squad Insignia
An insignia worn by the Recovery Squad to distinguish between friend and foe.
Shock Bomb
Detonates in reaction to weight.
Barricade Kit
Contains the tools used in building a barricade.
Fish Net
A hand-held net for fishing.
Big Lake Fish
Water Plant
Water plant that has been enlarged after Medzio Diena.
Water Plant Pile
Removed plants have been bundled up. They are quite heavy because they are wet.
Water Point Magic Source
A magical stone that is required to activate the aqueduct device.
Plant with Lake Energy
Plant full of the lake's energy. Can be harmful to monsters.
Paralysis Pouch
Essential ingredient in crafting an effective self-defense weapon.
Yellow Flower
A flower with a slight yellow shade.
Red Flower
A red-tinted flower.
White Flower
A snow-white flower.
Yellow Butterfly Leaf
Butterfly-shaped yellow leaf.{nl}Looks like it might fly away immediately.
Red Butterfly Leaf
Butterfly-shaped red leaf.{nl}Looks like it might fly away immediately.
White Butterfly Leaf
Butterfly-shaped white leaf.{nl}Looks like it might fly away immediately.
Transparent Crystal
Mysterious transparent crystal.{nl}It is radiating with holy energy.
Sealing Scroll
A scroll for sealing away magic.
Binding Scroll
A scroll that allows for the caster to bind someone.
Mysterious Seed
A mysterious, yet beautiful, seed.{nl}A strange power can be felt when holding it.
Seed of the Divine Tree
The only seed of the Divine Tree, given by the Goddess Medeina.{nl}It has astonishing properties.
Vivacious Grass
Lively and vivacious grass.
Holy Branch
A holy branch full of divine energy.
Unbinding Scroll
An unbinding scroll held by a Red Banterer.
Orb filled with Natural Energy
An orb given to Kupole Ilona by the Goddess Medeina{nl}Ilona believes that she can use this orb to locate Medeina.
Red Banterer Essence
An essence found where a Red Banterer used to stand.{nl}It feels evil.
Sealed Seed of the Divine Tree
The only seed of the Divine Tree, given by the Goddess Medeina.{nl}Most of its powers had been sealed away through the altar.
Demon Orders
An order given out to the demons of Outer Wall District 11. It is indecipherable as it is written in the language of demons.
Transformation Potion
A potion given to you by the Druid Master. Use to transform into a demon that you have come across before.
A purifier given to you by the Taoist Master. It looks like ordinary yellow paper, but it takes effect when attached to evil objects.
Purifying Holy Water
A holy water given to you by the Exorcist Master. Spray on weakened demons to purify their souls.
Statue of Purification
A small statue given to you by the Exorcist Master. Carry it around to collect ominous energy that is harnessed by the state to produce greater power.
Grenade
A grenade found in the Armory. Throw them to make them go boom.
Explosives
Common explosives found in abundance in the Armory. You can only carry one at a time because of its weight. Be careful with them as they are highly volatile.
Red Crystal Piece
Crystal pieces dropped by demons around the Obelisk in the Training Grounds. They could be a clue to destroying the Obelisk.
Blue Crystal Piece
Yellow Crystal Piece
Green Crystal Piece
An item given to you by Antanina. Antanina wants you to use this item on the demon portals in Outer Wall District 13 to inhibit them.
Antanina's Note
A memo written by the Resistance Adjutant Antanina. It is a to-do list of missions in Outer Wall District 13. Right-click to use.
Tulip
Give it to a resident of Klaipeda in exchange for a prize.{nl}(Check the Tulip Lovers List to see the location of your target NPC.)
Tulip Lovers List
Use to check the location of the NPC currently available.
To begin: Sword
. Items obtained can be increased to Lv. 400 in correspondence with the owner's level.
To begin: Two-handed Sword
To begin: Rod
To begin: Bow
To begin: Crossbow
To begin: Mace
To begin: Spear
To begin: Pike
To begin: Staff
To begin: Rapier
To begin: Shield
To begin: Dagger
To begin: Cannon
To begin: Pistol
To begin: Musket
To begin: Two-handed Mace
Contains equipment with random TRA and ENH values that can be raised to Lv. 400 in correspondence with the player's level.{nl}- ENH: 6~16{nl}- TRA: 5~10
[Freebie] Penguin Selection Box
Elegant Voluminous Rolls
An elegant face of a nobility with voluminous twin rolls.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Rose Knight in Shock
The shocked visage of the Rose Knight.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
 - All Quarrel Shooter Skill Level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
Elegant Noble Party Costume (Male)
An elegant party-wear worn by the highest nobility of the kingdom of roses.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Elegant Noble Party Costume (Female)
Red Rose Knight Costume (Male)
Royal guard uniform worn by the Red Rose Knight.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Red Rose Knight Costume (Female)
White Rose Knight Costume (Male)
Royal guard uniform worn by the White Rose Knight.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
White Knight Rose Costume (Female)
Blue Twin Ribbons
A ribbon worn by a beautiful girl who lives deep within the mountains.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Honorable Medal Hat
The medals that adorn the hat are representative of the valor you showed on the battlefield.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Rose Knight Hat
A triangular hat worn by the Red Rose Knight.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Elegant Noble Capeline
Beautiful capeline worn by the elegant nobility.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Impassioned Rose Pistol
Impassioned Rose Musket
Impassioned Rose Cannon
Impassioned Rose Rapier
[Popo Shop] Sword (3 Days)
. Items obtained can be increased to Lv. 400 in correspondence with the owner's level.
[Popo Shop] Two-handed Sword (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Rod (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Bow (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Crossbow (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Mace (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Spear (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Two-handed Spear (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Staff (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Rapier (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Shield (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Dagger (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Cannon (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Pistol (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Musket (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Two-handed Mace (3 Days)
[Popo Shop] Sword (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Two-handed Sword (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Rod (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Bow (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Crossbow (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Mace (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Spear (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Two-handed Spear (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Staff (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Rapier (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Shield (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Dagger (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Cannon (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Pistol (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Musket (7 Days)
[Popo Shop] Two-handed Mace (7 Days)
Glittering Rose Bouquet
A cut-out featuring beautiful roses.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.Honorable Medal Hat
Rose Petal Shower
You are showered with fluttering rose petals.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Popo Shop Weapon Selection Box (3 Days)
A box containing Popo Shop weapons that grow along with the player. Right-click to use.
Popo Shop Weapon Selection Box (7 Days)
Varnaclipse Helmet Costume
You can disguise yourself as a Varnaclipse.
Popolion Armband
Cute Popolion Armband for New-comers.
Skiaclipse Sword
 - Final attack damage +10% when using one-handed sword skills
This sword was crafted while Eclipse Ubik was researching the methods of imprisoning the Skiaclipse. It is infused with the same mysterious magic found in the Tomb of the White Crow.
Skiaclipse Varna Sword
This sword was crafted while Eclipse Ubik was researching the methods of imprisoning the Skiaclipse. It is infused with the same mysterious magic found in the Tomb of the White Crow.
Skiaclipse Two-handed Sword
{nl} {nl}Zucken, Redel: Enhance{nl} - Increases the final damage of Zucken and Redel by +30%
Many magical residues were obtained during the battle against Skiaclipse, all of which radiated with evil energy. This sword was crafted using such materials.
Skiaclipse Varna Two-handed Sword
Skiaclipse Rod
{nl} {nl}Summon Expertise{nl} - Maximum number of all skull summons {img green_up_arrow 16 16}1
This rod was found in the Astral Dimension that the Skiaclipse had been hiding in. Etched on the rod is a recording of how much magic is required to destroy all mankind.
Skiaclipse Varna Rod
Skiaclipse Bow
{nl} {nl}Arrow Sprinkle - Expand{nl} - Increases the skill AoE by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}9.
This bow as crafted by Lucid Winterspoon to be able to pierce through the walls of time.
Skiaclipse Varna Bow
Skiaclipse Crossbow
 - Creates a ballista behind the deployed pavise that deals 8,000 fixed penetration damage (Target: 5, duration equal to that of the pavise)
This crossbow is designed to allow quick consecutive shots that had been impossible to pull off using a conventional crossbow.
Skiaclipse Varna Crossbow
These weapons grew in power, taking the power that had been seeping through the dimensional portal as nourishment. Although the portal is now closed and Skiaclipse slumbers once more, the weapons will serve their new wielders for years to come.
Skiaclipse Mace
- Monk skill level {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2
Divine energy had long been used in healing or exorcisms. Their effectiveness grows in proportion to the goodness of the person who harnasses the power. Despite this, highly trained monks often keep close to them an evil object as a reminder of their calling in life. This mace is often carried by monks because of this reason.
Skiaclipse Maul
{nl} {nl}Black Death - Extraction{nl} - Defeating enemies under Incineration reduces cooldown of Black Death Steam by -1 second.
Plague Doctors will go to any lengths to rid the world of contagious diseases even if it means they need to harness evil powers such as this.
Skiaclipse Varna Mace
Divine energy had long been used in healing or exorcisms. Their effectiveness grows in proportion to the goodness of the person who harnasses the power. Despite this, highly trained monks often keep close to them an evil object as a reminder of their calling in life. This mace is often carried by monks because of this reason.
Skiaclipse Two-handed Mace
{nl} {nl}Leg Fracture {nl} - 5% chance to reduce the target's movement speed by {img red_down_arrow 16 16}10 when hit{nl}(Duration: 5 seconds)
Enormous mass, characteristic of heavy weaponry, is required in order to destroy something. It is this kind of reasoning that drives the demons to create monstrous weapons such as these.
Skiaclipse Two-handed Maul
{nl} {nl}Rubric: Speed Reading - Expertise{nl} - Increases the duration of Rubric by 2 seconds when using the Rubric: Speed Reading attribute.
All who stand bravely at the face of evil all have their own motivations that drive them to such an act. But one must always beware of becoming engulfed by the evil that they face.
Skiaclipse Varna Two-handed Mace
Skiaclipse Shield
 - Final Block Rate {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2%{nl} {nl}Guardian - Light Weight{nl}- Only applies 80% of the Guardian skill's damage reduction effect{nl}Increases Guardian duration by +100%
You can hear the screams of the Skiaclipse in battle.
Skiaclipse Varna Shield
Skiaclipse Spear
 - Increases Throw Rete duration by +5 seconds
Many Retiarii have studied for a way to prevent bladed weapons from cutting through the net, but nobody had ever thought that using spears was the answer to their problem.
Skiaclipse Varna Spear
Skiaclipse Pike
{nl} {nl}Iron Will{nl} - Immunity to status ailments of rank 3 and below for 2 seconds when the following skills are used{nl} {nl} - Steed Charge{nl} - Joust{nl} - Rhongomiant{nl} - Dragon Fall{nl}
A catalyst is required when performing the rites to seal away a great power. A dagger of a magic stone is often used, but a spear was used in this case because the seal needed to keep two different dimensions apart.
Skiaclipse Varna Pike
Skiaclipse Dagger
 - Marks an enemy when a critical hit lands on a target.{nl} {nl}Marking{nl} - Marked targets will be visible to enemies even when hidden for a duration of 15 seconds.
The only reason the Tomb of the White Crow did not crumble into ruin was because of the ores embedded in its unstable grounds. This dagger is made using the ores found in the Tomb. 
Skiaclipse Knife
{nl} {nl}Hasisas - Amplify{nl} - Amplifies the critical damage increase effect of Hasisas to 3% per skill level
There is a fervent debate on whether it is alright to harness the power of the Skiaclipse in performing assassinations.{nl}The Assassins believe that their targets should not feel threatened before their blade slashes the neck. Despite the debate, this dagger is still commonly used as there are assassinations that just cannot be failed.
Skiaclipse Varna Dagger
Skiaclipse Staff
{nl} {nl}Spirit Companionship{nl} - Invocation creates 2 evil spirits at a time
Shadowmancer's cast magic that manipulates shadows but they could not conquer darkness itself. This staff allows them to achieve this goal to a certain extent.
Skiaclipse Caster
{nl} {nl}Hexing - Dissemination{nl} - Defeating a Hexed target spreads the Hexing debuff to 5 near by enemies for one time.
The evil powers used by the Skiaclipse cannot fully be harnessed by humans. To be able to wield this staff, one must be ready to face perilous situations at all times.
Skiaclipse Rune Staff
{nl} {nl}Meteor - Armageddon{nl} - Meteor skill will apply its damage over 5 hits.{nl} Effects do not stack with Meteor: Flame Ground attribute.
When you fight against a magician who yields this staff, watch out for the sky. It will most likely fall on your head in a short while.
Skiaclipse Varna Staff
Skiaclipse Pistol
{nl} {nl}Fanning - Rapid Shot{nl}- Increases Fanning duration by +1 second
Skiaclipse's will allows the wielder of the pistol to pull the trigger at lightning fast speeds, but a misfire occurs every once in a while. Be careful.
Skiaclipse Varna Pistol
Skiaclipse Rapier
{nl} {nl}Battle, Advanced Orders - Harmony{nl} - Allows the effects of Battle Orders and Advanced Orders to stack.
When holding a sharp weapon, one often gets the urge to test it out. This rapier, crafted using the Skiaclipse's powers, makes the wielder want to stab anything that bleeds.
Skiaclipse Epee
{nl} {nl}Epee Garde - Expertise{nl} - Increases Epee Garde duration by +15 seconds
Skiaclipse's spirit gives the wielder boundless stamina to keep fighting until all who stands in his or her way falls.
Skiaclipse Varna Rapier
Skiaclipse Cannon
{nl} {nl}Flash Support{nl} - Blinds a maximum of 5 targets and makes hidden enemies visible within 300 range when using Siege Burst.
Flares were an essential item in the Tomb as it had no sun. This cannon was originally devised to use as a flare but it has been modded to become a powerful weapon after Skiaclipse's demise.
Skiaclipse Varna Cannon
Skiaclipse Musket
{nl} {nl}Eye of the Tiger - Concentration{nl} - Increases the times Eye of the Tiger's effects are applied by {img green_up_arrow 16 16}2 times.
The wing-shaped device attached to the musket helps stabilize the trajectory of the fired bullet.
Skiaclipse Varna Musket
Skiaclipse Robe
A robe made to mimic the Skiaclipse's wings. Made of highly magic resistant materials, it almost looks transparent when caught in the corner of one's eyes.
Skiaclipse Leather Armor
The curse put on this armor was changed into a blessing by some unknown means. All who wore this armor claims that it felt as if the armor had taken control of their bodies in battle.
Skiaclipse Plate Armor
The armor has been purified over a long period of time. Despite this, you can still feel Skiaclipse's evil energy.
Skiaclipse Cotton Wear
 - Applies Skiaclipse - Compassion buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Skiaclipse - Compassion{nl} - Heal Factor {img green_up_arrow 16 16}(5 * buff stack)%
This item was crafted to overpower the powerful Skiaclipse. However, the demons of the other dimension always surpass our expectations so it is uncertain how useful it will be when new powerful demons arrive.
Skiaclipse Brigandine
 - Applies Skiaclipse - Assault buff when equipped{nl} {nl}Skiaclipse - Assault{nl}- Damage increased by +(1.25 * buff stack)%{nl}- Threat decreased by -(5 * buff stack)%
Skiaclipse Steel Mail
 - Applies Skiaclipse - Iron Wall buff when equipped{nl} - 5% chance to apply Skiaclipse - Exalt when hit{nl} {nl}Skiaclipse - Iron Wall{nl} - Damage received reduced by -(1.25 * Iron Wall buff stack)%{nl}Skiaclipse - Exalt{nl}- Maximum HP increased by +(5 * Exalt buff stack)%% (Duration: 10 seconds)
Skiaclipse Varna Plate Armor
Skiaclipse Varna Robe
Skiaclipse Varna Leather Armor
Skiaclipse Pants
You may become cursed when equipped light-heartedly. Only those with a strong will can wear Skiaclipse gear. 
Skiaclipse Leather Pants
Sage Master Rhupas Kehel was interested more in how the materials were transported than where the leather actually came from.
Skiaclipse Plate Pants
Creating an alloy out of Pyranium and Cryonium was believed to be impossible but the dark magic of the Skiaclipse was found to act as an emulsifier and made it possible to mix the two ores to create a new alloy, which was used to create this item.
Skiaclipse Slacks
Skiaclipse Trouser
Skiaclipse Steel Pants
Skiaclipse Varna Plate Pants
Skiaclipse Varna Leather Pants
Skiaclipse Varna Pants
Skiaclipse Boots
Different magic users draw magic from different parts of their body and some are even known to draw their power from their feet. These boots are made especially for such magic users.
Skiaclipse Leather Boots
Leather boots are usually crafted with agility in mind, but these boots have been made to be the toughest of the leather boots known to man. The Skiaclipse's feather was used as the main material.
Skiaclipse Greaves
These boots were made for stomping on enemies than to protect the wearer's feet. There's nothing more satisfying than the sounds of bones crushing beneath you.
Skiaclipse Shoes
Skiaclipse Leather Shoes
Skiaclipse Sabaton
Skiaclipse Varna Greaves
Skiaclipse Varna Leather Boots
Skiaclipse Varna Boots
Skiaclipse Gloves
The equipment that Eclipse Ubik cares most about are her gloves because precise control is required when manipulating shadows. The Skiaclipse Gloves have been designed by Eclipse Ubik herself to amplify the wearer's magic.   
Skiaclipse Leather Gloves
It is said that those who use the Skiaclipse gear acquire great power and, in return, lose their sense of morality.
Skiaclipse Plate Gauntlet
The wearer becomes more efficient with arms but their personality becomes more aggressive. At times, the Skiaclipse's will seems to block incoming attacks.
Skiaclipse Fist
Skiaclipse Leather Fist
Skiaclipse Handguard
Skiaclipse Varna Plate Gauntlet
Skiaclipse Varna Leather Gloves
Skiaclipse Varna Gloves
Although they were rare, the Schaffenstar is known to have had its heretics, meaning those who wished to free themselves from the shadow of Lydia Schaffen. These people never managed to make much of an impact, but recently some of their remaining objects were put to use by Elder Adaux.
Varnaclipse Costume
Costume for disguising yourself as a Varnaclipse. Use to change your appearance.
Tiger Hunter White Tiger Costume (Male)
Tiger Hunter White Tiger Costume (Female)
Matross Victor Costume (Male)
Matross Victor Costume (Female)
Use to change your appearance.{nl}- Changes the skill animation for Heal.
Ardito Seasoned Troops Costume (Male)
Ardito Seasoned Troops Costume (Female)
Sheriff Raven Costume (Male)
Sheriff Raven Costume (Female)
Restores 1152 HP immediately and additionally restores 1152 HP every 2 seconds over 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Restores 384 SP immediately and additionally restores 384 SP per 2 seconds for 15 seconds. Right-click to use.
Spirit Fragment: Skiaclipse
Collect 50 spirit fragments and use to obtain a choice of Skiaclipse recipe. Right-click to use.
(Old)Tomb of the White Crow Cube
Received after clearing the Tomb of the White Crow Raid.
Tomb of the White Crow Legend Cube
Received after clearing the Tomb of the White Crow Legend Raid.
Tomb of the White Crow Cube
[Event] Transcendence Stage 3 Scroll
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 3.{nl}Can only be used in items transcended to Stage 0~2. Right-click the scroll, then select the item to transcend.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 5.{nl}Can only be used in items transcended to Stages 0 to 4. Right-click the scroll, then select the item to transcend.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
[Event] Transcendence Stage 8 Scroll
Increases an item's transcendence stage to Stage 8.{nl}Can only be used in items transcended to Stage 0~7. Right-click the scroll, then select the item to transcend.{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Skiaclipse Card
[Card Equip Effect] INT, CON + [{img star_mark 20 20}]
Unbound Skiaclipse Card
[Card Equip Effect] ATK against Insect-type 750 * [{img star_mark 20 20}]
[Event] Popolion Badge
{nl}The item will be removed at the end of the event period.{nl}Can be used at the event shop.
Skiaclipse Feather
Obtained after defeating the Skiaclipse. These feathers contain an unknown energy that manifests itself when used to craft equipment items.
 at the end of the event period.
[Event] Easy Rainbow Powder
A souvenir for each rainbow city completed in easy difficulty.{nl}Take it to the Event Notice Board and exchange for additional rewards.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
[Event] Normal Rainbow Powder
A souvenir for each rainbow city completed in normal difficulty.{nl}Take it to the Event Notice Board and exchange for additional rewards.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
[Event] Hard Rainbow Powder
A souvenir for each rainbow city completed in hard difficulty.{nl}Take it to the Event Notice Board and exchange for additional rewards.{nl}Will be deleted at the end of the event.
Asio, Wastrel Weapon Recipe Selection Box (14 Days)
Use to obtain one of either an Asio Weapon Recipe Selection Box or Wastrel Weapon Recipe Selection Box.{nl}Will be automatically deleted when the expiry date is reached.
[Event] Asio Weapon Recipe Selection Box
Use to obtain one [Event] Asio Weapon Recipe.{nl}The items crafted using the recipe obtained from the box cannot be used to extract ichors.
[Event] Wastrel Weapon Recipe Selection Box
Use to obtain one [Event] Wastrel Weapon Recipe.{nl}The items crafted using the recipe obtained from the box cannot be used to extract ichors.
The materials required to craft a scroll that transforms the caster into a King Hammer.
Twilight Knight Helm
A helm worn by the knights that worship the Twilight Star.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Royal Guard Helm
A helm worn by the defenders of the Twilight Star.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Dispatcher Helm
A helm worn by the dispatchers of the Twilight Star.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Knight Costume (Male)
Costume for the Twilight Star Knights who paint the skies blue to bring forth the night.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Knight Costume (Female)
Twilight Star Royal Guard Costume (Male)
Costume for the defenders of the Twilight Star.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Royal Guard Costume (Female)
Twilight Star Dispatcher Costume (Male)
Costume for the Twilight Star Dispatcher that announces the coming of the night.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Dispatcher Costume (Female)
Twilight Star Head Ornament
Head ornament adorned by the sword that represents the Defenders of the Twilight Star.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Winged Helm
A helm with a wing ornament worn by the Defenders of the Twilight Star.{nl}Use to change your appearance.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
Twilight Star Shield
Twilight Star Mace
Twilight Star Two-handed Mace
Twilight Star Sword
Twilight Star Two-handed Sword
Twilight Star Spear
Twilight Star Pike
Dionys Cub Egg
Right-click to use. Upon use, the companion is immediately registered.{nl}This companion can be mounted without the riding skill.{nl}This companion grants the 
Blessing of the Twilight Star
 that increases your AoE Attack Ratio by +3.{nl}Can be exchanged for Medals at the Exchange Shop.
A title given to winners of the Popo Vacation event. Right-click to use.
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Sword
This can't be real!
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Two-handed Sword
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Rod
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Bow
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Crossbow
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Mace
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Shield
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Spear
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Pike
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Dagger
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Staff
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Pistol
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Rapier
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Cannon
[Event][Appearance] Solmiki Musket
Victory Cube
Victory Cube Fragment
Collect the cube fragments to trade with a single Victory Cube costume or item of your choice.{nl}- Location: Fedimian Victory Dungeon Entrance{nl}- NPC: Victory Cube Trader{nl}Will be automatically deleted at the end of the event period.
Victory Dungeon Journal
A journal used to keep a record of your adventures in the Victory Dungeon.{nl}- Use to display Victory Dungeon information for your character.
Victory Cube x10+1
Victory Warp Scroll
Use to warp to the Victory Dungeon entrance in Fedimian.
Special Compensation Box
[Lv. 400] Stage 9 Transcendence Scroll
Upgrades your equipment to Stage 9 Transcendence.{nl}Can only be used on items of Stage 0~8 Transcendence. Right-click on the item and choose the equipment that you want to upgrade.{nl}Can only be used on items of Lv. 400 or below.
[PP] Stage 10 Transcendence Scroll
Upgrades your equipment to Stage 10 Transcendence.{nl}Can only be used on items of Stage 0~9 Transcendence. Right-click on the item and choose the equipment that you want to upgrade.
[PP] Rare Enchant Jewel
[PP] Unique Enchant Jewel
[PP] Legend Enchant Jewel
